1	ACTV	Zi Corporation	SP	Holding company with subsidiaries which develop and povides software technology and educational products; Provides internet-based education services i
2	ACTV	SuperGen, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are acquisition, development and commercialisation of oncology therapies for solid tumors and hematological mali
3	ACTV	AGL Resources	NG	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of energy related th    
4	ACTV	Abatix Corporation	MG	The principal activities of the company is marketing and distributing industrial safety equipments. the products include personal protection and safet
5	ACTV	1st Constitution Bancorp	RB	1st Constitution Bancorp, through its primary subsidiary, 1st Constitution Bank, has total assets of $225 million and operates six branch banking offi
6	ACTV	99 Cents Only Stores	RL	99 Cents Only Stores is a deep-discount retailer of primarily name brand, consumable general merchandise. The Company's stores offer a wide assortment
7	ACTV	1st Source Corporation	RB	The principal activities of The group are consumer and commercial banking services; Provision of financing services for used private aircraft, automob
8	ACTV	A.G. Edwards, Inc.	IV	A.G. Edwards, Inc. and its directly owned and indirectly owned subsidiaries provide securities and commodities brokerage, asset management, insurance,
9	ACTV	Aware, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, licensing and marketing digital subscriber line technology to semiconductor and equip
10	ACTV	Axcelis Technologies, Inc.	SM	The company produces ion implantation, dry strip and photostabilization equipment used in the fabrication of semiconductors in the united states, euro
11	ACTV	Zemex Corporation	CO	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of things    
12	ACTV	Acorn Products, Inc.	MG	The company designs, manufactures and markets non-powered lawn and garden tools and also private label products for retailers. the company is operatin
13	ACTV	3-Dimensional Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The company discovers and develops drugs, an integrated set of proprietary technologies called discoverworks. TCis technology accelerates and improves
14	ACTV	Abington Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The company performs unique and varied financial things       
15	ACTV	@Track Communications, Inc.	CU	Holding company with subsidiary which operates wireless enhanced communications services network with both voice and data capabilities, with an emphas
16	ACTV	ZymoGenetics, Inc.	BD	The company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of therapeutic protein-based products for the t
17	ACTV	ABN AMRO Holding N.V.	MC	ABN AMRO Holding N.V. is an international banking group offering a wide range of banking products and financial services on a global basis through its
18	ACTV	1-800 Contacts, Inc.	CT	The company is a direct marketer of replacement contact lenses. The company markets The products through its toll-free telephone link and internet web
19	ACTV	1-800 FLOWERS.COM, Inc.	RL	Sells and delivers fresh-cut and seasonal flowers, plant and floral arrangements, gourmet foods, home decor, garden and oTher specialty gifts with sam
20	ACTV	B.O.S. Better Online Solutions	CP	Designs, develops, manufactures, sells and supports connectivity and networking products primarily designed for use with ibm mid-range computers and f
21	ACTV	Zale Corporation	RL	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
22	ACTV	Acceptance Insurance Companies, Inc.	IP	Acceptance Insurance Companies Inc. underwrites and sells crop insurance and specialty property and casualty insurance to serve niche markets or progr
23	ACTV	Baldor Electric Company	EI	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
24	ACTV	02Micro International Limited	EI	O2Micro International Ltd. (O2Micro) designs, develops and markets high performance mixed signal integrated circuits for power management and other po
25	ACTV	3Com Corporation	CH	The principal activity of the group is the provision of networking products & solutions. the co operates under three segments namely: commercial & con
26	ACTV	A. Schulman, Inc.	FR	The principal activity of The group is manufacture and supply of engineered plastic compounds, color concentrates and additives. The products of The c
27	ACTV	Allegheny Energy, Inc.	EU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related products   
28	ACTV	Adept Technology, Inc.	MG	The principal activties of the group are developing, manufacturing and marketing of intelligent automation software and hardware products. the company
29	ACTV	ACMAT Corporation	IP	Provides broad line of environmental, professional, general and other liability insurance to trade professionals such as architects and engineers; Pro
30	ACTV	1-800-ATTORNEY, Inc.	PS	Provides specialty publishing of membership directories for bar associations and college and university student campus directories.     
31	ACTV	WVS Financial Corporation	SB	The company is a parent holding company of west view savings bank and was organized as a pennsylvania chartered unitary bank holding company. the comp
32	ACTV	24/7 Real Media, Inc.	AE	Operates network of affiliated websites which deliver advertisements and promotions via The internet on behalf of advertisers and web publishers.   
33	ACTV	Aaron Rents, Inc.	RN	Aaron Rents, Inc. is engaged in the sales and lease ownership and rent-to-rent industries with 648 stores in 43 states and Puerto Rico. The Company of
34	ACTV	3D Systems Corporation	SP	The company develops, produces and markets stereolithography apparatus systems and related resins, parts and services. stereolithography allows manufa
35	ACTV	724 Solutions	SP	Provides internet infrastructure solution which enables financial institutions to deliver financial information and services using a broad range of in
36	ACTV	3DO Company (The)	SP	The company is engaged in developing and publishing of branded interactive entertainment software. The software products operate on several multimedia
37	ACTV	Surgical Laser Technologies, Inc.	ME	The activities of the company are to design, develop, manufacture, market and sell proprietary lasers and delivery systems for both contact and non-co
38	ACTV	Abercrombie & Fitch	RT	Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (A&F), through its subsidiaries as a specialty retailer that operates stores selling casual apparel, personal care and other a
39	ACTV	Acacia Research Corporation	SM	The company develops and operates majority-owned subsidiaries in the life science and technology industries. combimatrix corporation the subsidiary of
40	ACTV	Acclaim Entertainment, Inc.	SP	Develops, markets and distributes interactive entertainment software; Develops and publishes comic books; And distributes coin-operated video arcade g
41	ACTV	Wickes, Inc.	HI	Distributes and sells building materials and supplies to single-family residential contractors, repair and remodeling professionals and serious do-it-
42	ACTV	Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc	CX	The principal activity of the company are developing, manufacturing and marketing of composite building materials. these materials can be used as an a
43	ACTV	Actrade Financial Technologies Limited	MS	The company operates through its subsidiaries. the company's business operations are divided into two segments: (1) the trade acceptance draft (tad or
44	ACTV	Advance Financial Bancorp	SB	The company is a bank holding company which operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, advance financial savings bank. the bank attracts deposits f
45	ACTV	Accrue Software, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the group is the provision of internet data collection and analysis software which enables business decision makers to addre
46	ACTV	A.D.A.M., Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the group is creating, publishing and marketing of educational multimedia software products, which provides anatomical, me
47	ACTV	ABAXIS, Inc.	BD	The company manufactures, develops and markets portable blood analyzer systems. the system performs multiple routine tests on blood, plasm or serum us
48	ACTV	AEGON N.V.	IL	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
49	ACTV	Access Power, Inc.	CU	Owns and operates a ton of things all related to some type of service     
50	ACTV	ACLARA BioSciences, Inc.	ST	The principal activities of the group is to develop microfluidics, or lab-on-a-chip, with access to a wide range of technology and intellectual proper
51	ACTV	Whole Foods Market, Inc.	GR	The principal activities of the group are the distribution of natural food and nutritional products, primarily through its natural foods supermarkets;
52	ACTV	Acambis plc	BD	Holding company with subsidiaries which research and develop vaccines and other drugs directed primarily at infectious diseases and allergic disorders
53	ACTV	Aetna, Inc.	IA	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
54	ACTV	Acres Gaming, Inc.	CP	The company develops, manufactures and markets electronic game promotions, equipment and games for the casino gaming industry. the company offers bonu
55	ACTV	Acterna Corporation	EI	The principal activities of the group are developing, manufacturing and selling market-leading test, analysis, communications and computing equipment 
56	ACTV	Zones, Inc.	CT	Markets microchip-based hardware, software, accessories and peripheral products through catalogs and an internet site.   
57	ACTV	Alliant Energy Corporation	EU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique and completely legal activities    
58	ACTV	Amerada Hess Corporation	OI	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
59	ACTV	Aero Systems Engineering, Inc.	CV	The company designs and manufactures electronic, mechanical and computerized engine and engine accessory test equipment. the company also provides aer
60	ACTV	AB Volvo	AM	Designs, manufactures, assembles and markets internationally quality trucks, buses, construction equipment, marine and industrial engines, aircraft an
61	ACTV	White Mount Insurance Group Limited	IP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
62	ACTV	AdvancePCS	HF	The group provides health improvement services in the united states. the group also offers health improvement services such as prescription discount c
63	ACTV	ActionPoint, Inc.	SP	The principal activities are development, marketing and providing services information capture. the information provided helps to automate and manage 
64	ACTV	ActivCard S.A.	CP	Provides solution for authenticating and managing digital identities of employees, suppliers, partners and customers accessing e-business resources. 
65	ACTV	Active IQ Technologies, Inc.	SP	Provides accounting software and e-business services designed to meet the needs of small and medium-sized organizations.  
66	ACTV	AB Electrolux	AT	Manufactures and markets major household appliances, such as freezers, dishwashers, microwave ovens, vacuum cleaners, room air conditioners and sewing
67	ACTV	Affymetrix, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the company is providing high-density dna probe arrays containing gene sequences on a chip, certain reagents for use with th
68	ACTV	Affiliated Managers Group	IV	The principal activties of the group are a number of different financial things    
69	ACTV	Active Power, Inc.	EI	The company designs, manufactures and markets power quality products that provide consistent and reliable electric power required by the present digit
70	ACTV	Activeworlds Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the company is to provide software products and services that enable the efficient development and delivery of three-dimen
71	ACTV	White Electronic Designs Corporation	SM	The principal activities of the company are design and manufacture of high density microelectronic memory products, advanced matrix liquid crystal dis
72	ACTV	Alamo Group, Inc.	CA	The company performs a bunch of different capital stuff       
73	ACTV	Aksys Limited	ME	The company provides hemodialysis products and services for patients suffering from end-stage renal diseases (esrd), commonly known as chronic kidney 
74	ACTV	AFLAC, Inc.	IA	The company develops commercial applications of a series of unique financial related items   
75	ACTV	ACE*COMM Corporation	CU	The company develops, markets and services hardware and software solutions for data, voice and internet protocol networks. the products are used in bi
76	ACTV	Advo, Inc.	AE	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
77	ACTV	Symbollon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	Researches, develops and commercializes sterilants, disinfectants, antiseptics and sanitizers based on proprietary enzyme iodine regeneration technolo
78	ACTV	Arch Coal, Inc.	CL	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
79	ACTV	Alabama National BanCorporation	RB	The principal activity of the group is the provision of banking and bank-related services to individual and corporate customers. the group offers cons
80	ACTV	AvantGo, Inc.	CS	The company provides mobile infrastructure software and services. the company's software and services enable and enhance the use of internet-based con
81	ACTV	Weyco Group, Inc.	FO	Manufactures, purchases and distributes men's footwear, including dress and casual shoes.    
82	ACTV	American Water Works Company	WU	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of energy related stuff      
83	ACTV	Albany Molecular Research, Inc.	BD	The company is a chemistry research and drug discovery and development company focused on applications for the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and life 
84	ACTV	Albemarle First Bank	RB	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
85	ACTV	Alfa Corporation	IP	The principal activities of the group are providing personal property and casualty and life insurance products. other activities of the company includ
86	ACTV	Abigail Adams National Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company is a bank holding company of the adams national bank. the company provides commercial and retail banking services in and around washington
87	ACTV	AllTrista Corporation	MG	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied capital things       
88	ACTV	Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The company develops therapeutic products for the treatment of a wide array of severe diseases including cardiovascular and autoimmune disorders and c
89	ACTV	Activision, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the company is publishing, developing and distributing of interactive entertainment and leisure products. the company's pr
90	ACTV	Actuate Corporation	SP	The principal activity of the group is the provision of e.reporting solutions for e.business which enable organizations to systematically extract, pub
91	ACTV	Wells Fargo & Company	MC	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
92	ACTV	ALPINE Group, Inc.	MF	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
93	ACTV	ACME Communications, Inc.	BC	The company operates ten television stations in the united states. the company has focused primarily on acquiring independently-owned stations, under-
94	ACTV	Avici Systems Inc.	CE	The company develops data networking equipment that enables communication service providers to transmit high volumes of information across fibre optic
95	ACTV	ACTV, Inc.	CE	The principal activity of the group is to provide technical and creative services, tools and proprietary applications for digital television and enhan
96	ACTV	Women First HealthCare, Inc.	BD	The company distributes pharmaceuticals, consumer products and educational materials to women in midlife to improve the quality of their lives. the ma
97	ACTV	ATP Oil & Gas Corporation	OO	Acquires, develops and produces natural gasand oil properties primari ly in the outer continental shelf of the gulf of mexico.   
98	ACTV	ACT Teleconferencing, Inc.	CU	ACT Teleconferencing, inc. provides high quality audio, video,data and internet based conferencing services to businesses and organisations worldwide.
99	ACTV	Adelphia Communications Corporation	CU	Owns and operates cable television systems; And provides management and consulting services.       
100	ACTV	Adaptec, Inc.	SM	The company provides storage access solution through original equipment manufacturers and distribution channel to internet service providers, large en
101	ACTV	WebEx Communications, Inc.	CS	The company''s principal activity is to provide a global switched network and application platform for powering real-time, interactive multimedia comm
102	ACTV	Amcol International Corporation	RM	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied capital things    
103	ACTV	AdminiStaff, Inc.	BS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
104	ACTV	ADC Telecommunications, Inc.	CE	The company offers a broad range of network equipment, software and integration services for broadband and multiservice networks that deliver data, vi
105	ACTV	ADE Corporation	SM	The company is engaged in the design, manufacture, market and service highly precise, automated measurement, defect detection and handling equipment w
106	ACTV	Aehr Test Systems	SM	The company manufactures and markets parallel test and burn-in systems for reliability testing of drams and other logic and memory devices. the two ma
107	ACTV	American Italian Pasta Company	FP	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
108	ACTV	Amcor Limited	CK	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied      
109	ACTV	AdStar, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the company are licensing proprietary software systems and supplying related support and maintenance. the software system 
110	ACTV	Advanced Nutraceuticals, Inc.	DR	Holding company with subsidiary which sells products for health conscious consumers including nutritional supplements, health foods, weight management
111	ACTV	Wayne Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the company is the offering of a range of commercial and personal banking services. the services include a broad range of 
112	ACTV	Avista Corporation	EU	A holding company that manages a whole lot of energy related stuff      
113	ACTV	AFC Enterprises, Inc.	RS	The company operates, develops and franchises quick service restaurants, bakeries and cafes or qsrs, primarily under the trade names popeyes chicken a
114	ACTV	Adobe Systems Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are development, marketing and support of computer software products and technologies that enable users to expre
115	ACTV	ADTRAN, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the company are designing, developing and manufacturing of high-speed digital transmission equipment for use in today's wi
116	ACTV	Winston Hotels, Inc.	RE	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
117	ACTV	Synaptic Pharmaceutical Corporation	BD	The company develops a broad platform of enabling technology called human receptor-targeted drug design technology. this technology is used to discove
118	ACTV	Baker Hughes, Inc.	OW	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related items     
119	ACTV	American Locker Group, Inc.	CX	The company markets and rents coin, key and electronically controlled checking lockers, plastic centralized mail and parcel distribution lockers. the 
120	ACTV	AmerAlia, Inc.	NM	The company manufactures sodium bicarbonate and related products like soda ash and caustic soda. the products of the company are mainly used in animal
121	ACTV	Waters Instruments, Inc.	EI	The company is an electronics manufacturer and marketer of network interconnect, contract manufacturing, consumer farm and medical products. the four 
122	ACTV	Align Technology, Inc.	ME	Develops, manufactures and markets the invisalign system, used for treating malocclusion, or the misalignment of teeth.  
123	ACTV	Allegiant Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The group is a bank holding company operating through its subsidiary allegiant bank. the group offers full-service banking and personal trust services
124	ACTV	Advanced Energy Industries, Inc.	EI	The principal activities of the company is to design, manufacture and support products and systems critical to plasma-based manufacturing processes us
125	ACTV	Avid Technology, Inc.	CP	The principal activities of the group are developing, marketing, sale and support of wide range of software and systems for creating and manipulating 
126	ACTV	Aladdin Knowledge Systems Limited	SP	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
127	ACTV	Boston Beer Company	BA	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things     
128	ACTV	Alkermes, Inc.	BD	Develops drug delivery systems, which improve delivery of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical products.     
129	ACTV	Alliance Bank Corporation	MS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a series of unique and completely legal financial    
130	ACTV	Allied Irish Banks plc	RB	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
131	ACTV	Vulcan Materials Company	FR	Owns and operates a bunch of different things        
132	ACTV	American Real Estate Partners	CV	The principal activties of the group are the manufacturing of a number of really big items   
133	ACTV	Allmerica Financial Corporation	IP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
134	ACTV	Airlease Limited	RN	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
135	ACTV	Albertsons, Inc.	GR	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
136	ACTV	Allergan, Inc.	BD	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a series of unique and completely legal health car   
137	ACTV	Beta Oil & Gas, Inc.	OO	The company is a development stage company. the company is engaged in the exploration, development, exploitation and production of natural gas and cru
138	ACTV	Allstate Corporation	IP	Owns and operates a ton of things all related to finance       
139	ACTV	Alexanders, Inc.	RE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
140	ACTV	Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.	SM	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
141	ACTV	Volt Information Sciences, Inc.	BS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
142	ACTV	Beacon Power Corporation	EU	The company designs and develops flywheel energy storage systems which provide highly reliable, high-quality, uninterruptible electric power. the comp
143	ACTV	Action Products International, Inc.	RP	The company designs, manufactures and markets toys and published products in a creative and diversified portfolio of branded educationally oriented pr
144	ACTV	Ambac Financial Group, Inc.	IP	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
145	ACTV	Advanced Power Technology, Inc.	SM	The company designs, develops, manufactures and markets high-performance power semiconductors. power semiconductors manage and regulate power by conve
146	ACTV	Allen Telecom, Inc.	CE	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
147	ACTV	American Woodmark Corporation	CX	The company manufactures and distributes kitchen cabinets and vanities for the remodeling and new home construction markets. the company currently off
148	ACTV	Amcore Financial, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group are offering personal and commercial banking and other financial services through ten supermarket branches. pers
149	ACTV	Alliance Gaming Corporation	CG	Holding company with subsidiaries which design, manufacture and distribute electronic gaming machines; Design, assemble and sell computerized monitori
150	ACTV	Advanced Switching Communications, Inc.	CE	Provides next-generation broadband access platforms to telecommunications service providers.       
151	ACTV	Vivus, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are development and manufacture of advanced therapeutic systems for the treatment of sexual dysfunction and urol
152	ACTV	Alexander & Baldwin, Inc.	WT	The group operates in three principal businesses that include ocean transportation, property development and management and food products. under ocean
153	ACTV	Boyd Collection Limited	PH	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things     
154	ACTV	Ameriana Bancorp	SB	A thrift holding company which provides various banking services and loan servicing activities for investors. the company operates through the wholly 
155	ACTV	Alloy, Inc.	CT	The company provides web site to approximately 58 million boys and girls between the ages of 10 and 24. the web site is a destination where boys and g
156	ACTV	Winfield Capital Corporation	MS	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
157	ACTV	BHP Billiton Limited	OO	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a series of unique and completely legal energy related activities     
158	ACTV	AMPCO Pittsburgh Corporation	MG	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique capital goods    
159	ACTV	Adams Golf, Inc.	RP	The comapny designs, manufactures and markets golf clubs and also provides custom golf club fitting technology. the products of the company include th
160	ACTV	American Superconductor Corporation	MF	Develops commercial applications of superconductor technology and products for the global power industry, such as large power applications, and power 
161	ACTV	Vitria Technology, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the company are: developing, marketing and supporting ebusiness infrastructure software which enables incompatible informa
162	ACTV	Amarillo Mesquite Grill	RS	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
163	ACTV	Amazon.com, Inc.	RL	The principal activity of the group consists of retailing in books, music, dvds, videos, consumer electronics, toys, camera and photo items. the compa
164	ACTV	Ambassadors International, Inc.	PS	The principal activities of the group are carried on under three segments: the education group, the performance group and the services group. the educ
165	ACTV	America First Real Estate Investment Partners, L.P	RE	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
166	ACTV	Alliance Atlantis Communications, Inc.	MP	Develops, produces and distributes television programming and motion pictures; And owns interest in broadcasting, computer generated animation facilit
167	ACTV	Black Hills Corporation	EU	Owns and operates a ton of things all related to energy production activities     
168	ACTV	Affiliated Computer Services, Inc.	CS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
169	ACTV	Avistar Communications Corporation	CP	The group''s principal activities is to develop, market and support a comprehensive suite of networked video communication services for the enterprise
170	ACTV	Agile Software Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the group are the development and market of collaborative manufacturing solutions that speed the build and buy process acr
171	ACTV	Vitesse Semiconductor Corporation	SM	The company designs, develops, manufactures and markets high-bandwidth and high-speed communications ics (integrated circuits). the integrated circuit
172	ACTV	Brown-Forman Corporation	BA	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consumables      
173	ACTV	BJ Services Company	OW	A holding company that manages a multitude of energy related goods      
174	ACTV	AMREP Corporation	CV	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a series of unique and completely legal capital activities    
175	ACTV	Advanced Lighting Technologies, Inc.	FF	The principal activities of the company are the designing, manufacturing and distribution of metal halide lighting products, including materials, syst
176	ACTV	Ambassadors Group, Inc.	PS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
177	ACTV	Ameron International Corporation	CM	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
178	ACTV	America First Mortgage Investments, Inc.	CF	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
179	ACTV	America First Tax Exempt Investors, L.P.	CF	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
180	ACTV	Avnet, Inc.	EI	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
181	ACTV	Vion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The company is a development stage biopharmaceutical company engaged in research, development and commercialization of therapeutics and technologies f
182	ACTV	Allen Organ Company	RP	Manufactures electronic keyboard musical instruments, principally digital computer organs and related accessories; Designs, manufactures and markets d
183	ACTV	American Community Bancshares	RB	The principal activities of the company are providing general commercial and retail banking services. the services include checking and savings accoun
184	ACTV	Agilent Technologies, Inc.	EI	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
185	ACTV	AirGate PCS, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the group are provision of exclusive provider of digital and pcs products and services under the sprint and sprint pcs bra
186	ACTV	Alliant Techsystems, Inc.	AD	The company performs unique and varied capital things        
187	ACTV	Anglo American plc	GS	Performs mining financing services.        
188	ACTV	American Financial Holdings, Inc.	IP	The principal activities of the group are savings and loan holding, banking, financing, fiduciary and other financial services to individuals. the ban
189	ACTV	AirNet Communications Corporation	CE	The principal activities of the company are the design, development, manufacture and installation of broadband, software-defined base stations, base s
190	ACTV	Alanco Technologies, Inc.	CD	The company is an information technology company with focus on computer data storage market. the company acquired arraid, inc. and excel/meridian data
191	ACTV	Vineyard National Bancorp	RB	The company is a one bank holding company providing a wide range of commercial banking services to individuals, small and medium sized businesses loca
192	ACTV	America West Holding Corporation	AR	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different transportation related thing    
193	ACTV	Atlas Pacific Limited	FL	Operates an oyster hatchery for the purpose of cultivating south sea pearls.      
194	ACTV	Bouygues Offshore S.A.	OO	Owns and operates a ton of things all related to energy       
195	ACTV	Avocent Corporation	CP	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing, and marketing of switching systems and remote access products for the client/serve
196	ACTV	Weider Nutrition International, Inc.	FP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique non-cyclical consumer items      
197	ACTV	Calpin Corporation	EU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the energy field      
198	ACTV	American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.	AP	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied cyclical consumer things   
199	ACTV	Applied Extrusion Technologies, Inc.	FR	The principal activities of the group are developing and manufacturing highly specialized, single and multilayer oriented polypropylene films. these f
200	ACTV	Almost Family, Inc.	HF	The company provides integrated adult day health services and home health care. these services are provided to disabled or frail adults, who require s
201	ACTV	Vical, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the company is the development of biopharmaceutical products based on dna gene transfer technologies for the prevention and 
202	ACTV	American National Bankshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activity of the group is commercial banking that includes commercial and individual demand and time deposit accounts, loans and trust se
203	ACTV	American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.	RT	The principal activities of the group are retailing of all-american casual apparel, accessories, and footwear for men and women between the ages of 16
204	ACTV	American Greetings Corporation	PP	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
205	ACTV	American Retirement Corporation	RE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
206	ACTV	American River Holdings	RB	The principal activity of the company is providing retail and commercial banking services to individuals and businesses. the company accepts checking,
207	ACTV	American Vantage Companies	BS	The company provides online services to information technology professionals, companies and recruiters. the company was originally formed to conduct t
208	ACTV	American Wagering, Inc.	CG	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
209	ACTV	Alcatel	CE	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
210	ACTV	All American Semiconductor, Inc.	SM	The principal activity of the company is to distribute electronic components manufactured by others. the company mainly distributes semiconductor comp
211	ACTV	Viad Corporation	BS	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
212	ACTV	BP plc	OI	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different energy related things      
213	ACTV	Amerigon, Inc.	AM	The company develops, manufactures and markets proprietary high technology electronic components and systems for car and truck original equipment manu
214	ACTV	Armstrong Holdings, Inc.	CC	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
215	ACTV	Alliance Fiber Optic Products, Inc.	SM	The company designs, manufactures and markets a broad range of high performance fiber optic components, and integrated modules incorporating these com
216	ACTV	Water Pik Technologies, Inc.	AT	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
217	ACTV	Amedisys, Inc.	HF	The company provides home health care nursing services. the company offers a portfolio of services including home health care nursing, home infusion t
218	ACTV	American National Financial, Inc.	IP	The group provides title insurance services and other real estate related financial and informational services through its subsidiaries. title insuran
219	ACTV	America's Car-Mart, Inc.	RL	The principle business activities of the company is selling and financing used automobiles and trucks principally to consumers with limited or damaged
220	ACTV	Alliance Semiconductor Corporation	SM	The company designs, develops and markets memory and memory intensive logic products. these products are used in the personal computer, networking, te
221	ACTV	Vesta Insurance Group, Inc.	IP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
222	ACTV	American Healthways, Inc.	HF	American healthways, inc. (formerly known as american healthcorp, inc.) provides disease management services to hospitals and health plans. the progra
223	ACTV	Ameritrans Capital Corporation	BS	The company is a specialty finance company which operates through its subsidiary, elk associates funding corporation. the company provides loans to ta
224	ACTV	Altera Corporation	SM	The group designs, manufactures and markets high-performance, high-density, programmable logic devices and associated computer aided engineering logic
225	ACTV	AltiGen Communications, Inc.	CE	Designs, manufactures and markets server-based telecommunications systems which allow businesses to use the internet and the public switched telephone
226	ACTV	Andrew Corporation	CE	The principal activity of the group is the supply of communications products and systems to worldwide commercial, industrial, governmental and militar
227	ACTV	Cascade Natural Gas Corporation	NG	The company performs unique and varied energy related things     
228	ACTV	Arrow-Magnolia International, Inc.	CM	The principal activities of the company is manufacturing and distributing approximately 400 types of specialty chemical products for use in cleaning a
229	ACTV	Analytical Surveys, Inc.	BS	The company provides customized data conversion, digital mapping services, spatial data management and technical services for the geographic informati
230	ACTV	Andersen Group, Inc.	BC	The principal activity of the company is to develop, manufacture and market high-precision electronic materials and components, including precious met
231	ACTV	Varco International, Inc.	OW	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related items     
232	ACTV	Arkansas Best Corporation	TR	The principal activities of the group are primarily motor carrier transportation operations, intermodal transportation operations and truck tire retre
233	ACTV	Astec Industries, Inc.	MG	The principal activities of the group are designing, engineering, manufacturing, marketing and financing equipment and components used primariy in roa
234	ACTV	American Medical Technologies, Inc.	ME	The company develops, manufactures and markets high technology dental products. the primary products include air abrasive kinetic cavity preparation s
235	ACTV	American National Insurance Company	IL	The principal activity of the group is in offering a broad line of insurance coverages, including individual and group life, health, and annuities; Pe
236	ACTV	AmerUs Life Holding, Inc.	IL	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
237	ACTV	Avery Dennison Corporation	CK	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
238	ACTV	American Pharmaceutical Partners, Inc.	BD	The group''s principal activities are to develop, manufacture and market injectable pharmaceutical products. the group''s primary focus is on the onco
239	ACTV	Ann Taylor Stores Corporation	RT	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
240	ACTV	Annaly Mortgage Management, Inc.	RE	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
241	ACTV	Vail Resorts, Inc.	RA	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
242	ACTV	AmeriPath, Inc.	BD	The company provides anatomic pathology, cancer diagnostic, genomics, and health information services. the company operates in two operating segments,
243	ACTV	Alvarion Limited	CS	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
244	ACTV	America Online Latin America, Inc.	CS	America online latin america, inc. develops interactive medium.the services of the company include country services, comprehensive online services tha
245	ACTV	American Power Conversion Corporation	EI	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing of power protection and management solutions for computer
246	ACTV	APA Optics, Inc.	ST	The principal activities of the group are manufacturing and marketing of dense wavelength division multiplexer optical components. these components en
247	ACTV	Astronics Corporation	AD	Holding company with subsidiaries which design, manufacture and market specialized lighting systems and ruggedized electro-mechanical assembblies, and
248	ACTV	Antenna TV S.A.	BC	Owns and operates television broadcasting networks in greece; Produces television programs, including news programs, talk shows, and current affairs, 
249	ACTV	American Software, Inc.	SP	Holding company with subsidiaries which develop, market and support integrated computer application software systems, principally in areas of forecast
250	ACTV	American Technology Corporation	CE	The company designs, develops and commercializes proprietary sound reproduction and other electronic technologies. the company offers a line of source
251	ACTV	V. I. Technologies, Inc.	BD	V.i. technologies inc develops innovative biotech products designed to ensure a safer transfusion blood supply. the company's expertise in nucleic aci
252	ACTV	Chesapeake Utilities Corporation	NG	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
253	ACTV	Bairnco Corporation	CC	Owns and operates a bunch of different things        
254	ACTV	Anthracite Capital, Inc.	RE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
255	ACTV	Apartment Investment & Management Company	RE	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
256	ACTV	Vista Medical Technologies, Inc.	ME	The company develops, manufactures and markets advanced visualization and information systems. these instruments are used for minimally invasive micro
257	ACTV	American Pacific Bank	RB	The company is a state chartered bank head quartered in aumsville, oregon. the services provided to the rural communities by the bank include real est
258	ACTV	Applebee's International, Inc.	RS	The principal activities of the group are the development, franchising and operation of casual dining restaurants principally under the name applebee'
259	ACTV	Amistar Corporation	SM	The principal activities of the company are to design, develop, manufacture, market and service automatic equipment for assembling electronic componen
260	ACTV	AML Communications, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the group is designing, manufacturing and marketing amplifiers and related products for the cellular, personal communicati
261	ACTV	USOL Holdings, Inc.	BC	The principal activities of the company is to provide integrated telecommunication and entertainment services. the company operates in seven major mar
262	ACTV	Aviation General, Inc.	AD	The company manufactures and markets single engine, high performance commander aircraft. the company also provides sales and brokerage service for pre
263	ACTV	AmeriCredit Corporation	CF	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
264	ACTV	Amplidyne, Inc.	EI	The company designs, manufactures and sells ultra linear power amplifiers and related subsystems to the worldwide wireless, local loop and satellite u
265	ACTV	Amtech Systems, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are the manufacture and marketing of double sided precision lapping and polishing machines, replacement parts an
266	ACTV	AptarGroup Inc.	CK	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
267	ACTV	Atlantic Coast Airlines Holdings, Inc.	AR	The principal activity of the group is the provision of scheduled service for passengers to 53 destinations in 24 states in the eastern and midwestern
268	ACTV	AmeriGroup Corporation	IA	The group is a multi-state healthcare group focused at serving people who receive health care or benefits through state sponsored programs which inclu
269	ACTV	Arden Group, Inc.	GR	Holding company with subsidiaries which operate chain of supermarkets offering general lines of groceries and household items in the greater los angel
270	ACTV	Analog Devices, Inc.	SM	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
271	ACTV	USEC, Inc.	NM	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
272	ACTV	Brigham Exploration Company	OO	The principal activities of the company is exploration and production of oil and natural gas. the company applies 3-d seismic imaging and other advanc
273	ACTV	AmeriServ Financial, Inc.	RB	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
274	ACTV	Arden Realty, Inc.	RE	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
275	ACTV	Arlington Hospitality, Inc	HM	Manages hotels and motels; Develops, constructs, and renovates new and existing hotels/motels; And provides hotel personnel leasing.     
276	ACTV	Amphenol Corporation	EI	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
277	ACTV	Axsys Technologies, Inc.	AD	The activities of the company include designing, manufacturing and selling micro-positioning and precision optical components, systems and sub-systems
278	ACTV	Amsouth Bancorporation	RB	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
279	ACTV	ARTISTdirect, Inc.	RL	The company is online music company that connects artists directly with their fans worldwide. the company provides music entertainment through artistd
280	ACTV	Anixter International, Inc.	EI	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
281	ACTV	US Unwired, Inc.	CU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
282	ACTV	Cinergy Corporation	EU	The principal activties of the group are the manufacturing of a number of energy related things     
283	ACTV	Apogee Technology, Inc.	AV	The principal activities of the company include development and designing of digital amplifier technology used in computer based audio and entertainme
284	ACTV	AmvesCap plc	IV	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
285	ACTV	Ansoft Corporation	SP	The principal activity of the group is the development of electronic design automation software used in technology products and industries.the company
286	ACTV	ArQule, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company are the discovery, production and development of novel chemical compounds with commercial potential in the pha
287	ACTV	Anchor BanCorp Wisconsin, Inc.	SB	The principal activities of the group consist of two reportable segments: community banking which includes the branch network and other deposit suppor
288	ACTV	Asiacontent.com Limited	PP	Provides robust, integrated platform for premium branded media publishing, online advertising sale and e-commerce.     
289	ACTV	answerthink, Inc.	CS	The principal activity of the company is to provide technology-enabled transformation solutions. the company provides multi-disciplinary expertise in 
290	ACTV	AOL Time Warner, Inc.	CS	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
291	ACTV	United Therapeutics Corporation	BD	The principal activities of the company are to develop and manufacture therapeutic products which focus on combating cardiovascular, inflammatory and 
292	ACTV	Buckeye Partners, L.P.	OW	The company performs a bunch of different energy related stuff        
293	ACTV	BE Aerospace, Inc.	AD	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing, selling and servicing a broad line of commercial and general aviation aircraft cab
294	ACTV	Arrow Financial Corporation	RB	The company conducts its business through two subsidiaries; Glens falls national bank and trust company and saratoga national bank and trust company i
295	ACTV	Ask Jeeves, Inc.	BS	The principal activity of the group is the provision of online personal service infrastructure for companies seeking to target, acquire, convert and r
296	ACTV	Versicor, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company are discovery, development and marketing of drugs for the treatment of serious bacterial and fungal infections
297	ACTV	Apogent Technologies, Inc.	AV	The principal activties of the group are the manufacturing of a number of different consuma       
298	ACTV	Associated Banc-Corp	RB	The principal activity of the group is the provision of advice and specialized services to the affiliates in various areas of banking policy and opera
299	ACTV	Asta Funding, Inc.	CF	The company is a diversified consumer finance company which purchases, manages, services and sells distressed consumer receivables. distressed consume
300	ACTV	Associated Estates Realty Corporation	RE	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
301	ACTV	United Park City Mines Company	CV	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique capital goods    
302	ACTV	Aurora Foods, Inc.	FP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
303	ACTV	Atalanta Sosnoff Capital Corporate	IV	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
304	ACTV	AT&T Canada, Inc.	CU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
305	ACTV	AT&T Corporation	CU	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
306	ACTV	Ascential Software Corporation	SP	The company is a global provider information management software and solutions to governments and enterprises. the group designs, develops, manufactur
307	ACTV	Atlas Air Worldwide	AC	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique and completely legal transportational activities    
308	ACTV	Atlantic American Corporation	IL	The company is a holding insurance company providing life, health, property and casualty insurance services. the insurance operations are carried out 
309	ACTV	Automatic Data Processing, Inc.	BS	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
310	ACTV	Autonation, Inc.	RL	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
311	ACTV	United Parcel Service, Inc.	TR	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of transportation related products     
312	ACTV	Cleco Corporation	EU	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of energy related things      
313	ACTV	Burlington Resources, Inc.	OO	The company performs unique and varied energy related things     
314	ACTV	Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.	AP	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
315	ACTV	Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited	RB	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
316	ACTV	Turnstone Systems	CE	The principal activities of the company is to provide products which are used in the automation, installation and maintenance of copper telephone line
317	ACTV	AXA	IL	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
318	ACTV	Autozone, Inc.	RL	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
319	ACTV	Avalon Correctional Services, Inc.	BS	The company operates private community correctional facilities and provides intensive correctional programming services in oklahoma, texas and colorad
320	ACTV	Avatar Holdings, Inc.	RE	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
321	ACTV	United Natural Foods, Inc.	FP	Distributes natural foods and related grocery products such as general merchandise, nutritional supplements, bulk and foodservice products, personal c
322	ACTV	Baldwin & Lyons, Inc.	IM	The company provides marketing and underwriting of property and casualty insurance for the motor carrier industry. the insurance products consist of f
323	ACTV	Avenue A, Inc.	BS	Avenue a, inc. provides technology-based internet advertising services which include procurement of internet advertising space for its clients. the co
324	ACTV	Appiant Technologies, Inc.	SP	Holding company with subsidiaries which specialize in collaborative commerce and multimedia solutions to help companies improve internal and external 
325	ACTV	Apple Computer, Inc.	CH	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing and marketing of personal computers and related software and peripherals for sale p
326	ACTV	Astro-Med, Inc.	CP	The company provides products that serve the test and measurement, product identification and life sciences markets. the company operates under three 
327	ACTV	Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation	OO	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
328	ACTV	Arctic Cat, Inc.	RP	Designs, engineers, manufactures and markets snowmobiles, all terrain vehicles and personal watercraft, as well as related parts, garments and accesso
329	ACTV	Banc Corporation	RB	The company, through its subsidiaries, provides a widel range of banking and bank-related services to individual and corporate customers across alabam
330	ACTV	Axcess, Inc.	SS	The company provides computer network based solutions for improving the utilization of corporate assets to improve operations productivity, physical s
331	ACTV	United Auto Group, Inc.	RL	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
332	ACTV	Berger Holdings Limited	CX	The company operates mainly on one segment producing aluminum, galvanized steel and copper roof drainage and specialty architectural metal products. t
333	ACTV	Airgas On-line	CM	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
334	ACTV	BancFirst Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the company are the provision of retail and commercial bank services including commercial, real estate, agricultural and c
335	ACTV	Applera Corporation	ST	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
336	ACTV	Anadarko Petroleum Corporation	OO	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
337	ACTV	CMS Energy Corporation	EU	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a series of unique and completely legal activities   
338	ACTV	Bancinsurance Corporation	IP	The principal activities of the group is to underwrite specialized and niche insurance products and related services. the company's products include u
339	ACTV	Banco Latinoamericano de Exportaciones S.A.	RB	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
340	ACTV	Bally Total Fitness Holding Corporation	RA	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
341	ACTV	Union Community Bancorp	SB	The company is a savings and loan holding company which operates through its wholly owned subsidiary union federal savings and loan association. the c
342	ACTV	Ashworth, Inc.	AA	The company designs, markets and distributes a full line of quality sports apparel, headwear and accessories. the company operates through the followi
343	ACTV	Banta Corporation	PP	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
344	ACTV	Barnes & Noble, Inc.	RL	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
345	ACTV	Applied Innovation, Inc.	CN	The company designs, develops, manufactures and markets products for network mediation and network bridging products. the company's products are desig
346	ACTV	Back Yard Burgers, Inc.	RS	The company operates and franchises quick-service and fast casual restaurants. as at december 30,2000, the company had 35 company-operated restaurants
347	ACTV	BHA Group Holdings, Inc.	MG	The principal activities of the group are design, manufacture and sale of replacement parts and the performance rehabilitation conversion services for
348	ACTV	Akzo Nobel N.V.	CM	Holding company with subsidiaries which manufacture and processes plastics and elastomers, functional chemicals, alkali products and detergents; Produ
349	ACTV	Applied Materials, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are the production of wafer fabrication systems and services for the worldwide semiconductor industry. the compa
350	ACTV	Applied Micro Circuits Corporation	SM	The principal activities of the group are the designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing of high-performance, high-bandwidth silicon solutions
351	ACTV	U.S.B. Holding Company, Inc.	RB	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
352	ACTV	Amersham plc	BD	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of health care related products       
353	ACTV	Apropos Technology, Inc.	SP	The company develops markets and supports a comprehensive customer interaction management solution for multimedia contact centers. the comprehensive s
354	ACTV	APT Satellite Holdings Limited	CE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
355	ACTV	Arel Communications & Software Limited	SP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
356	ACTV	Travis Boats & Motors, Inc.	RL	The company is a retailer of boats, motors, trailers and related water sport accessories and operates 39 stores under the name travis boating centre. 
357	ACTV	Autoliv, Inc	AP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique cyclical consumer items   
358	ACTV	Albemarle Corporation	CC	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
359	ACTV	Ariba, Inc.	CS	Provides intranet and internet-based business-to-business electronic commerce solutions for operating resources.      
360	ACTV	ARM Holdings plc	SM	The group's principal activities are licensing, marketing, research and development of risc based microprocessors and systems. the nature of the globa
361	ACTV	U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc.	HF	The principal business activity of the company is to operate outpatient physical and occupational therapy clinics, which provide post-operative care a
362	ACTV	Avon Products, Inc.	PH	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
363	ACTV	Blount International, Inc.	MG	A holding company that manages a multitude of really big things        
364	ACTV	Banco Santander de Puerto Rico	RB	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
365	ACTV	Arris Group, Inc.	CE	Develops, manufactures and supplies optical transmission, construction, rebuild and maintenance equipment for the broadband communications industry; A
366	ACTV	BanColombia S.A.	RB	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
367	ACTV	Companhia Paranaense de Energia	EU	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of energy related stuff      
368	ACTV	Bassett Furniture Industries, Inc.	FF	The principal activities of the group is manufacturing and retailing of quality home furnishings and sales of a full range of furniture products and a
369	ACTV	Arrow Electronics, Inc.	EI	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
370	ACTV	Artisan Components, Inc.	SM	The principal activity of the company is the development of high performance, low power and high density embedded memories and other intellectual prop
371	ACTV	Twinlab Corporation	DR	The principal activities of the group are manufacturing and marketing of brand name nutritional supplements sold through domestic health and natural f
372	ACTV	Alcide Corporation	CM	The company researches, develops and commercializes chemical compounds having intense microbiocidal activity. the company sells antimicrobial products
373	ACTV	Amgen, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the group is to discover, develop, manufacture and market human therapeutics based on advances in cellular and molecular bio
374	ACTV	Artisoft, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the company are to develop, market and sell communication software products, computer telephony products and associated se
375	ACTV	ASA International Limited	CN	Designs and develops proprietary enterprise software systems support to businesses in north and south america, for the following markets, tire dealer 
376	ACTV	Applied Imaging Corporation	ME	The principal activities of the group is to design, develop, manufacture and market automated genetic imaging systems for using cytogenetic laboratori
377	ACTV	Boeing Corporation	AD	Owns and operates a ton of things all related to some type of capita     
378	ACTV	barnesandnoble.com, Inc.	RL	Operates online book store which offers customers an easy-to-reach catalog of virtually every book in print, rich editorial content, community experie
379	ACTV	ASAT Holdings Limited	SM	Provides semicondutor assembly and testing services for the semicondutor industry. new registrant.    
380	ACTV	ASE Test, Ltd,	SM	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
381	ACTV	Tweeter Home Entertainment Group, Inc	TH	The principal activity of the group is the sale of home audio, video, entertainment and electronic products through a chain of seventy-three retail st
382	ACTV	Binker International, Inc.	FO	A holding company that manages a multitude of cyclical consumer goods     
383	ACTV	Banco Santander-Chile	RB	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
384	ACTV	Banco Santiago	RB	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
385	ACTV	AsiaInfo Holdings, Inc.	CN	The principal activities of the group are designs, develop and market software products and network solution. the company provides network solutions f
386	ACTV	Brunswick Corporation	RP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied cyclical consumer things       
387	ACTV	Big Rock Brewery Limited	BA	Produces and markets specialty draught and bottled beer.       
388	ACTV	Alcoa, Inc.	MM	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
389	ACTV	Bancorp Connecticut, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group are the provision of a wide range of consumer and commercial services including checking accounts, now accounts,
390	ACTV	Barrett Business Services, Inc.	BS	The company provides staffing and professional employer organization services. the company's range of services and expertise in human resource managem
391	ACTV	Tripos, Inc.	BD	The company provides discovery services, informatics and products for life science organizations worldwide. the company provides integrated discovery 
392	ACTV	Butler Manufacturing, Inc.	CV	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied capital things       
393	ACTV	Bancorp Rhode Island, Inc.	RB	Bank holding company with subsidiaries which perform commercial banking operations mortgage banking and other related financial activities. 
394	ACTV	Beasley Broadcast Group, Inc.	BC	The principal activity of the group is radio broadcasting and operates 36 radio stations with its primary source of revenue generated from the sale of
395	ACTV	bebe stores, Inc.	RT	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing and producing a distinctive line of contemporary women's apparel and accessories, whic
396	ACTV	Trans-Global Interactive Limited	GS	Explores for and develops mineral prospects, including copper and gold.        
397	ACTV	Connecticut Water Service, Inc.	WU	The principal activity of the group is to supplies water for residential, commercial, industrial & municipal customers in the united states. the compa
398	ACTV	Bank Mutual Corporation	RB	Bank mutual corporation is a bank holding company for mutual savings bank and first northern savings. these subsidiaries provide consumer and business
399	ACTV	Bed Bath & Beyond, Inc.	RL	The principal activity of the company is the operation of superstores, selling predominantly domestic merchandise and home furnishing. the company's d
400	ACTV	Aspect Communications Corporation	SP	The principal activity of the group is the provision of comprehensive business solutions for companies with mission-critical call centers that exist t
401	ACTV	Trimedyne, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the group are developing, manufacturing and marketing lasers and disposable laser devices used in the medical field. the c
402	ACTV	Bank of America Corporation	MC	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
403	ACTV	Bedford Property Investors, Inc	RE	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related things      
404	ACTV	Bell Canada International, Inc.	CU	Holding company with subsidiaries which own, develop and operate telecommunications services including basic telephony, cellular services and cable te
405	ACTV	Aspen Technology, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the company is to provide software and service solutions. these are provided to those users in the process industries, which
406	ACTV	Benchmark Electronics, Inc.	EI	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
407	ACTV	Adolph Coors Corporation	BA	Owns and operates a ton of things all related to consumer stuff        
408	ACTV	C2, Inc.	MG	The principle activities of the company is providing warehousing, trucking, freight forwarding and inventory management services. the company also man
409	ACTV	Bank of Bermuda Limited	MC	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
410	ACTV	Bell South Corporation	CU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
411	ACTV	Trimble Navigation Limited	ST	The principal activities of the company are engineering and construction, agricluture, fleet and asset, component technologies and portfolio technolog
412	ACTV	Bank of Granite Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group are the provision of banking services which include the taking of demand and time deposits and the making of loa
413	ACTV	Benihana, Inc.	RS	Owns and operates benihana dinnerhouse restaurants offering teppanyaki style japanese cooking.      
414	ACTV	Asyst Technologies, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing minienvironment systems utilized primarily in clean rooms
415	ACTV	At Road, Inc.	CS	The company provides internet based productivity enhancement services for companies with a mobile workforce. the company integrates global positioning
416	ACTV	Transcom WorldWide S.A.	CO	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different things         
417	ACTV	Bank of Montreal	RB	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
418	ACTV	Bestway, Inc.	RN	The primary activity of the group is to offer brand name durable household goods, electronics, appliances and jewelry to customers on a week-to-week o
419	ACTV	Birner Dental Management Services, Inc.	BS	Acquires, develops, and manages geographically dense dental practice networks in select markets, currently including colorado, new mexico and arizona.
420	ACTV	ATI Technologies, Inc.	CP	Supplies affordable, high-quality graphics accelerator components, graphics accelerator boards, as well as multimedia hardware and software. 
421	ACTV	Triarc Companies, Inc.	RS	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
422	ACTV	British Airways plc	AR	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of transportation related products     
423	ACTV	Consolidated Water Company Limited	WU	Owns and operates a ton of things all related to energy production activities     
424	ACTV	California Coastal Communities, Inc.	CV	California coastal communities, inc. is a residential land development and homebuilding company with properties located primarily in southern californ
425	ACTV	Bank of The Ozarks	RB	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
426	ACTV	Berry Petroleum Company	OO	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique and completely legal energy related activities     
427	ACTV	Blyth Industries, Inc.	PH	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
428	ACTV	Bank One Corporation	MC	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
429	ACTV	BankAtlantic	SB	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
430	ACTV	Blockbuster, Inc.	RA	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
431	ACTV	Trend Micro, Inc.	SP	Develops and markets anti-virus and internet security software and services, its solutions protect the flow of information on pcs, file servers, email
432	ACTV	BankAtlantic Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
433	ACTV	Blue Rhino Corporation	RT	The company offers propane grill cylinder exchange as well as complimentary propane and non-propane products to retailers, such as gas grill cylinder 
434	ACTV	Atlantic Data Services, Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the company are to provide information technology strategy consulting and systems integration services to the financial se
435	ACTV	ATMI, Inc.	SM	The principal activity of the group is the provision of thin film materials, equipment and services used in the manufacture of semiconductor devices. 
436	ACTV	Aptimus, Inc.	AE	The company (formerly known as freeshop.com, inc.) provides a single-source online marketing solution that enables marketers to reach targeted audienc
437	ACTV	Capstone Turbine Corporation	MG	The company develops, manufactures and markets microturbine generator sets for use in stationary, vehicular and other electrical applications. the pro
438	ACTV	BankUnited Financial Corporation	SB	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
439	ACTV	Audible, Inc.	CS	The company designs, develops and provides spoken audio content through internet. spoken audio content provides audio versions of books, newspapers, p
440	ACTV	AudioCodes Limited	CE	Designs, develops and markets enabling technologies and products for the transmission of voice, data and fax over packet networks. the company's techn
441	ACTV	Tranz Rail Holdings, Limited	RR	Holding company with subsidiaries which perform multi-modal freight and passenger railroad transportation services; And provide ferry passenger and se
442	ACTV	Black and Decker Corporation	AT	Owns and operates a ton of things all related to consumer stuff        
443	ACTV	Amylin Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are discovering, developing and commercializing potential drug candidates for the treatment of metabolic disorde
444	ACTV	Banner Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group are planning, directing and coordinating the business activities of its wholly owned subsidiaries, first savings
445	ACTV	Audiovox Corporation	CE	Holding company with subsidiaries which market and supply diverse line of aftermarket products which include automotive sound equipment, cellular tele
446	ACTV	Big Buck Brewery & Steakhouse, Inc.	RS	The company owns and operates casual dining atmosphere restaurants in michigan. the menu features steaks, ribs, pasta, chicken, fish, hamburgers and a
447	ACTV	Andrx Group	BD	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to health care       
448	ACTV	Barclays Bank plc	RB	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
449	ACTV	August Technology Corporation	SM	The principal activity of the company is designing, manufacturing and servicing automated visual inspection equipment used in detection of micro defec
450	ACTV	Ault, Inc.	EI	The company designs, manufactures and markets external power conversion products and is a supplier of such products to original equipment manufacturer
451	ACTV	Transportadora de Gas del Sur	OO	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different energy related things      
452	ACTV	Constellation Energy Group, Inc.	EU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the energy field      
453	ACTV	Alberto Culver Company	PH	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
454	ACTV	Cascade Corporation	MG	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied capital things    
455	ACTV	Bogen Communications International, Inc.	AV	The group designs, develops, manufactures and distributes sound processing equipment, telecommunication peripherals and unified messaging products and
456	ACTV	Transcend Services, Inc.	HF	The company is a health information management services company providing medical transcription services, consulting and reimbursement coding services
457	ACTV	Aber Diamond Corporation	NM	The principal activities of the group are the development, production and sale of canadian diamonds.   
458	ACTV	Bay View Capital Corporation	RB	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
459	ACTV	BB&T Corporation	RB	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
460	ACTV	Autobytel, Inc.	CS	The principal activity of the company is to provide the consumers with automotive solutions throughout the lifecycle of vehicle ownership, capturing r
461	ACTV	Transkaryotic Therapies, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are the development and commercialization of products for the treatment and cure of a wide range of human diseas
462	ACTV	BBVA Banco BHIF	RB	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
463	ACTV	Blue Square	GR	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
464	ACTV	Autodesk, Inc.	SP	The company provides design software, internet portal services, wireless development platforms and point-of-location applications to more than four mi
465	ACTV	Autonomy Corporation plc	CS	Develops and markets software products which are used in automating the management, processing and delivery of unstructured information sources across
466	ACTV	Biopure Corporation	BD	Develops, manufactures and markets hemoglobin-based oxygen therapeutic products which are intravenously administered into the circulatory system to in
467	ACTV	Caterpillar, Inc.	CA	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of really big items    
468	ACTV	Bontex, Inc.	FO	Bontex, inc. manufactures and markets uncoated and coated elastomeric wet web impregnated fiberboard products. the products are used as insole materia
469	ACTV	Alleghany Corporation	MF	A holding company that manages a multitude of stuff         
470	ACTV	BCP Bank International Limited	RB	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
471	ACTV	Track Data Corporation	CS	The company is a supplier of electronically delivered financial information. the company provides real-time financial market data, financial data base
472	ACTV	Ambev - Companhia de Bebidas das Americas	BA	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things     
473	ACTV	Belmont Bancorp	RB	The principle activities of the company is to provide various deposit products, business and personal loans, credit cards, residential mortgage loans 
474	ACTV	Berkshire Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the company is to provide residential and commercial mortgage loans, commercial non-mortgage loans and other banking servi
475	ACTV	Bluefly, Inc.	RT	The principal activities of the company is an internet retailer of designer fashions and home accessories. the company's main products are men, women 
476	ACTV	Archer Daniels Midland Company	FP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of non-cyclical consumer goods       
477	ACTV	Cavalier Homes, Inc.	CV	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique capital goods    
478	ACTV	Abitibi-Consolidated, Inc.	PA	Abitibi-Consolidated (New) is engaged in the manufacture and marketing of newsprint and value-added paper worldwide, with a current annual paper marke
479	ACTV	Berkshire Hathaway, Inc.	IP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
480	ACTV	Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.	DD	The principal activities of the group are to operate quality fashion department stores offering moderate and better apparel, home furnishings, cosmeti
481	ACTV	Tower Automotive, Inc.	AP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique cyclical consumer items   
482	ACTV	Consumers Energy Company	EU	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
483	ACTV	Big Foot Financial Corporation	SB	The principal activity of the company is a holding company for fairfield savings bank, a federally chartered stock savings bank. the company is a comm
484	ACTV	Books-A-Million, Inc.	RL	The company distributes and sells books, magazines, newspapers, cards and gifts. the company operates through its subsidiaries american wholesale book
485	ACTV	Borders Group, Inc.	RL	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
486	ACTV	Black Box Corporation	CN	The principal activity of the group is the provision of technical network services and related products to business of all sizes servicing customers i
487	ACTV	Billserv, Inc.	MS	The company provides electronic bill presentment and payment and related services to companies generating recurring paper-based bills. the company als
488	ACTV	Boron, LePore & Associates, Inc.	BS	The company provides integrated marketing, educational and sales services to the healthcare industry. the company also provides promotional and educat
489	ACTV	Boston Celtics Limited Partnership	RA	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
490	ACTV	Boston Properties, Inc.	RE	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
491	ACTV	Totta & Acores Financing Limited	RB	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
492	ACTV	CECO Environmental Corporation	MG	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide a wide spectrum of air quality services and products, these include industrial air filters, high perfo
493	ACTV	Agnico-Eagle Mines Limited	GS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
494	ACTV	Bowne & Company Inc.	PR	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
495	ACTV	Brasil Telecom S.A.	CU	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
496	ACTV	Traffix, Inc.	AE	The company is a database marketing and management company, that utilizes the grouplotto.com website, containing information (such as postal addresses
497	ACTV	Avanex Corporation	CE	The principal activities of the group are manufacturing and marketing of fiber optic-based products, known as photonic processors, which are designed 
498	ACTV	Avant! Corporation	CS	The principal activities of the group consists of developing, marketing, licensing and supporting eda software products that assist design engineers i
499	ACTV	Ballard Power Systems, Inc.	EI	Develops, manufactures and commercialises proton exchange membrane fuel cells and fuel cell systems used in transportation, stationery, portable and o
500	ACTV	BarPoint.com, Inc.	CS	The principle activities of the group are providing product specific information to consumers accessing the shopping and consumer information internet
501	ACTV	Toro Company	MG	The company performs a bunch of different capital stuff       
502	ACTV	Bingham Financial Services Corporation	MS	The principal activities of the company is to originate, underwrite and service of commercial real estate and manufactured home loans. the company pro
503	ACTV	BARRA, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the group is in investment risk management providing innovative solutions to financial professionals world-wide. the company
504	ACTV	BE Semiconductor Industries N.V.	SM	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
505	ACTV	BEA Systems, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are the provision of e-commerce infrastructure software that helps companies of all sizes build e-commerce syste
506	ACTV	Bombay Company, Inc.	RL	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
507	ACTV	Duke Energy Corporation	EU	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy production a        
508	ACTV	Air Products and Chemicals, Inc.	CM	The principal activties of the group are the manufacturing of a number of items    
509	ACTV	BKF Capital Group, Inc.	MS	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
510	ACTV	Blue River Bancshares, Inc.	SB	The group is a savings bank offering retail deposit and lending services. the offices of the group are located at shelbyville, morristown and st. paul
511	ACTV	TiVo, Inc.	BC	The principal activities of the group are to develop a subscription-based personal television service that provides viewers with the ability to pause,
512	ACTV	Borgwarner, Inc.	AP	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
513	ACTV	BNCCorp, Inc.	RB	The company is a multibank holding company operating through its two commercial banking subsidiaries, bnc national bank of bismarck and bnc national b
514	ACTV	Beckman Coulter, Inc.	ST	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
515	ACTV	Bel Fuse, Inc.	EI	Designs, manufactures and sells electronic components, such as delay lines, miniature and micro fuses, inductive components and hybrid circuits, and t
516	ACTV	Toys R US, Inc.	RL	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
517	ACTV	Central Garden & Pet Company	CM	Distributes lawn, garden, pet and pool supply products; Designs, imports and distributor of pottery products including terra cotta, stoneware, ceramic
518	ACTV	Angeion Corporation	ME	The company designs non-invasive diagnostic systems and related software products that assist health care professionals in the prevention, early detec
519	ACTV	BOE Financial Services of Virginia, Inc.	RB	The company is a bank holding company of bank of essex. the company provides commercial, residential and consumer loans and a variety of deposit produ
520	ACTV	Bell Microproducts, Inc.	SM	The company operates as a value-added distributor of storage products and systems, computer products and semiconductors and peripherals to original eq
521	ACTV	Thomas Group, Inc.	BS	The principal activity of the company is providing management consulting services designed to improve the competitiveness and profitability of the com
522	ACTV	Antares Pharma, Inc.	ME	Develops, manufactures and markets needle-free injection systems for the self-administration of a wide range of parenteral drugs.  
523	ACTV	BOK Financial Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group are the provision of a wide range of financial services to commercial and industrial customers, other financial 
524	ACTV	Bindview Development Corporation	SP	The company develops, markets and supports a suite of systems management software products. the products of the company manage the security and integr
525	ACTV	Bitstream, Inc.	SP	Develops and markets software products which enhance creation, transportation and printing of electronic text-based information.  
526	ACTV	Bottomline Technologies, Inc.	SP	The group provides web-enabled payments and cash management, electronic invoice presentment and payment (eipp), electronic banking and information rep
527	ACTV	Boston Acoustics, Inc.	AV	The principal activities of the company are engineering, manufacturing and marketing home loudspeakers and automotive speakers. the company's speakers
528	ACTV	Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc.	RB	The principal activity of the group is providing wide range of personal, corporate investment management and banking services to high net worth indivi
529	ACTV	Bookham Technology plc	CE	The group designs, develops, manufactures and markets components based on silicon chips that generate, detect, route, and control light signals in tel
530	ACTV	Borland Software Corporation	SP	Provides cross-platform software, software development tools and services which simplify the complexity of application development, integration, deplo
531	ACTV	Thermo Electron Corporation	ST	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
532	ACTV	Baltek Corporation	FW	The principal activity of the company is to manufacture and market balsa wood products and operate a shrimp farm. the company and the subsidiaries ope
533	ACTV	Aphton Corporation	BD	The principal activity of the company is the development of biopharmaceutical products using its innovative vaccine-like technology for neutralizing h
534	ACTV	Brantley Capital Corporation	MS	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
535	ACTV	Brady Corporation	EI	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
536	ACTV	Ark Restaurants Corporation	RS	The group owns and operates 24 restaurants and manages 4 restaurants owned by others. the restaurants are located in new york, washington, las vegas, 
537	ACTV	Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation	RR	A holding company that manages a multitude of transportation related products     
538	ACTV	Duquesne Light Company	EU	Owns and operates a bunch of different energy related things     
539	ACTV	Cemex, Inc.	RM	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of really big things        
540	ACTV	Bush Industries, Inc.	FF	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied cyclical consumer things   
541	ACTV	Theragenics Corporation	BD	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to health care       
542	ACTV	Cal Dive International, Inc.	OW	The principal activities of the the company provides a full range of services to offshore oil and gas exploration and production and pipeline companie
543	ACTV	BREK Energy Corporation	MS	Provides electronic payment processing of e-commerce transactions over the internet to financial institutions worldwide. new registrant.   
544	ACTV	Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation	RB	The bank is engaged in general, commercial and retail banking business, providing basic banking services, including the acceptance of demand, time and
545	ACTV	Braun Consulting, Inc.	CS	The company is a professional services firm delivering customer-focued business solutions. the service approach integrates business intelligence, inte
546	ACTV	Bradley Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	Markets brand name prescription and over-the-counter pharmaceutical and health-related products, including respiratory therapy and dermatologic produc
547	ACTV	Barrick Gold Corporation	GS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
548	ACTV	BSB Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group are origination, securitization, and sale of loans; Commercial, consumer, residential real estate, and commercia
549	ACTV	Brio Software, Inc.	SP	Provides business performance software solutions that offer the most complete infrastructure for an enterprise to implement and use, which enables org
550	ACTV	Broadcom Corporation	SM	Develops high integrated silicon solutions which enable broadband digital data transmission to the home and within the business enterprise. 
551	ACTV	Texas Utilities Company	EU	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
552	ACTV	Ceradyne, Inc.	CX	The company develops, manufactures and markets advanced technical ceramic products and components for industrial, defense, consumer and microwave appl
553	ACTV	Callaway Golf Company	RP	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consumables      
554	ACTV	BSCH Finance Limited	MS	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
555	ACTV	BWC Financial Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group is to offer commercial banking services to individuals, businesses and the professional community in walnut cree
556	ACTV	Tommy Hilfiger Corporation	AA	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied cyclical consumer things       
557	ACTV	Belden, Inc.	MF	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
558	ACTV	California Federal Bank, FSB	RB	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
559	ACTV	BroadVision, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are the development, market and support of software application solutions for conducting e-business interactions
560	ACTV	Brocade Communications Systems, Inc.	CD	The principal activity of the company is the manufacturing of fibre channel switches and related software for connecting corporate storage systems and
561	ACTV	Texas Industries	RM	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of really big things        
562	ACTV	Callon Petroleum Company	OO	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
563	ACTV	California Independent Bancorp	RB	The company is a bank holding company for feather river state bank. the bank offers a broad range of financial services. the bank conducts commercial 
564	ACTV	Brooks Automation, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are the provision of tool and factory hardware and software automation solutions for the global semiconductor, d
565	ACTV	Brooktrout, Inc.	CE	The principal activity of the group is distribution of communication hardware and software products that enable the development of applications rangin
566	ACTV	Brass Eagle, Inc.	RP	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing, marketing and distributing paintball products including paintball guns, paintballs
567	ACTV	Camco Financial Corporation	SB	The principal activities of the group includes attracting deposits from the general public and applying those funds to the origination of loans for re
568	ACTV	BRE Properties, Inc.	RE	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
569	ACTV	Briazz, Inc.	RS	Manufactures and distributes high quality, branded takeaway fast food, primarily offering lunch and breakfast meals and snacks, including sandwiches, 
570	ACTV	Bruker Daltonics, Inc.	ST	The company provides and develops innovative life science tools based on mass spectrometry. mass spectrometers are sophesticated devices that provide 
571	ACTV	Telefonos de Mexico	CU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
572	ACTV	Bethlehem Steel Corporation	IS	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
573	ACTV	Applied Molecular Evolution, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the company is to provide application of directed molecular evolution to the optimization and development of biotherapeutics
574	ACTV	Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce	RB	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
575	ACTV	BSQUARE Corporation	SP	The principal activity of the group is the provision of a variety of software products and services that facilitate the integration of microsoft windo
576	ACTV	Art-Way Manufacturing Company, Inc.	CA	Arts-way manufacturing co inc manufactures specialized farm machinery and garden and recreational products under its own and private labels. equipment
577	ACTV	C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.	MT	The principal activity of the group is providing multimodal transportation services and logistics solutions through a network of 137 offices in the un
578	ACTV	Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The company develops an applicable technology called the cart-tm (constitutively activated receptor technology) that is used to identify drug candidat
579	ACTV	Capital Bank Corporation	RB	The bank is holding company for capital bank which provides general commercial banking business in north carolina. the operations of the bank are cond
580	ACTV	Bright Horizons Family Solutions, Inc.	PS	The principal activity of the group is the provision of workplace services for employers and families including child care, early education and strate
581	ACTV	Telecom Italia S.p.A.	CU	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
582	ACTV	Canaan Energy Corporation	OO	The company acquires, develops and produces oil and natural gas properties. the company serves as operator for producing oil and natural gas wells loc
583	ACTV	ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are developing pharmaceutical product candidates based on small-molecule drugs and proprietary gene regulation t
584	ACTV	Capital City Bank Group	RB	The group is a multi-bank holding company. the services offered by the company through its subsidiaries include banking, data processing, trust and br
585	ACTV	BTU International, Inc.	SM	The company designs, manufactures, sells and services thermal processing equipment and related process controls used in electronics, power generation,
586	ACTV	Bandag, Inc.	TI	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a series of unique and completely legal consumer activities   
587	ACTV	BMC Industries, Inc	MF	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
588	ACTV	Capital Corp of The West	MS	The group is a bank holding company which operates through its subsidiaries, county bank and town and country finance and thrift. the company provides
589	ACTV	Bull	CH	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
590	ACTV	C & D Technologies, Inc.	EI	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
591	ACTV	TechTeam Global, Inc.	CS	Provides global information technology and business process outsourcing services, for business-to-business, business-to-consumer, e-commerce, and corp
592	ACTV	Aristotle Corporation	ME	The company manufactures health and medical teaching aids like manikins and simulation kits used for training in the cpr, emergency rescue and patient
593	ACTV	Capital Crossing Preferred Corporation	RB	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
594	ACTV	Capital One Finanacial Corporation	RB	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
595	ACTV	British Sky Broadcasting Group plc	BC	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
596	ACTV	Toledo Edison Company	EU	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of energy related th    
597	ACTV	BOC Group plc	CM	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
598	ACTV	Array BioPharma, Inc.	BD	The company is a drug discovery company that creates new drugs through the integration of chemistry, structural biology and chemoinformatics. the comp
599	ACTV	Capital LLC	MS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
600	ACTV	Brookfield Properties Corporation	BS	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
601	ACTV	Techdyne, Inc.	EI	The principal activity of the company is the manufacture of electronic and electro-mechanical products for data processing, telecommunications, instru
602	ACTV	Cadbury Schweppes plc	BN	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique non-cyclical consumer items      
603	ACTV	Carrizo Oil & Gas, Inc.	OO	The company is an independent oil and gas company. the company's operations include exploration, development, and production of natural gas and crude 
604	ACTV	Capital Southwest Corporation	MS	The company is a venture capital investment company who achieve capital appreciation through long-term investments in businesses. the company's portfo
605	ACTV	Brookstone, Inc.	RL	The company is into retail business offering a wide variety of consumer products which are functional in purpose and design. the core products include
606	ACTV	C&F Financial Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the company are providing a wide range of banking services to individuals and small businesses. the services provided by t
607	ACTV	Arrow International, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the group are developing, manufacturing and marketing of a broad range of clinically advanced, disposable catheters and re
608	ACTV	BUCA, Inc.	RS	The principal activities of the group are the ownership and operations of 39 full-service, dinner-only restaurants under the name buca di beppo, which
609	ACTV	Buckle, Inc.	RT	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
610	ACTV	Burlington Coat Factory Warehouse	RT	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
611	ACTV	Taylor Devices, Inc.	MG	The company designs, develops, manufactures and markets shock absorption, rate control and energy storage devices for use in various types of machiner
612	ACTV	Brush Wellman, Inc.	CC	Owns and operates a bunch of different things        
613	ACTV	ArthroCare Corporation	ME	The principal activities of the group are developing, manufacturing and marketing of medical devices based on patented coblation technology. the compa
614	ACTV	Burnham Pacific Properties, Inc.	RE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
615	ACTV	Butler International, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the company are providing technical and information technology services to companies worldwide. the company provides servi
616	ACTV	Telefonica S.A.	CU	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
617	ACTV	Celadon Group, Inc.	TR	The company is a transportation company which provides and arranges van and flatbed truckload transport services. the van division provides and arrang
618	ACTV	ATRION Corporation	ME	The principal activities of the company are designing, developing, manufacturing, marketing, selling and distributing medical products and components.
619	ACTV	CacheFlow, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are the design, develop and market internet caching appliances that are purpose-built to accelerate and optimize
620	ACTV	Caldera International, Inc.	SP	Enables the development, deployment and management of unified linux and unix internet solutions for business through its award-winning openlinux, open
621	ACTV	Tasty Baking Company	FP	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
622	ACTV	Chesapeake Energy Corporation	OO	The principal activties of the group are the manufacturing of a number of different energy   
623	ACTV	Capital Trust, Inc.	CF	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
624	ACTV	Caliper Technologies Corporation	ST	The principal activity of the company is developing lab-on-a-chip technologies and manufacturing labchip systems. the company's labchip systems is bas
625	ACTV	CAM Commerce Solutions, Inc.	CN	The company provides total commerce solutions for small to medium size, traditional as well as web retailers. the company also provides software produ
626	ACTV	Cable Design Technologies Corporation	CE	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
627	ACTV	Buckeye Technologies, Inc.	PA	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
628	ACTV	Atrix Laboratories, Inc.	BD	The company is an emerging speciality pharmaceutical, focused on advanced drug delivery. with five unique patented drug delivery technologies, they ar
629	ACTV	Capitol Bancorp Limited	MS	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
630	ACTV	Cambex Corporation	CD	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
631	ACTV	TASER International, Inc.	EI	Develops, assembles and markets less-lethal, conducted energy weapons primarily for use in the law enforcement and corrections market. new registrant.
632	ACTV	ATS Medical, Inc.	ME	The company manufactures and markets a mechanical bileaflet heart valves with a unique pivot design. the valve is used to treat heart valve failure ca
633	ACTV	Capitol Federal Financial	MS	The principal activities of the company are attracting retail deposits from the general public and investing those funds in loans secured by first mor
634	ACTV	Cablevision Systems Corporation	BC	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
635	ACTV	Cache, Inc.	RT	The company operates retail stores and an on-line e-commerce web-site, which sells women's apparel and accessories. the company owns and operates two 
636	ACTV	Auspex Systems, Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the company is developing, manufacturing, marketing, selling and supporting a line of high-performance unix/windows nt mul
637	ACTV	Clayton Williams Energy, Inc.	OO	The principal activities of the group are the exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas primarily in texas, louisiana and new mex
638	ACTV	Bunzl plc	CK	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
639	ACTV	AutoImmune, Inc.	BD	The company develops and markets innovative pharmaceutical products for the treatment of autoimmune and other cell-mediated inflammatory diseases. the
640	ACTV	Cardinal Financial Corporation	RB	The company is a bank holding company that provides a broad array of banking services to individuals, professionals and small to medium sized business
641	ACTV	Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Limited	BD	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique health care related items       
642	ACTV	Cascade Bancorp	RB	The company offers a full range of commercial and personal banking services to its business and consumer clients, including trust and investments. the
643	ACTV	Cascade Financial Corporation	IV	The principal activities of the company is providing business, consumer, commercial and real estate loans and other financial services. the company co
644	ACTV	Cadmus Communications Corporation	PR	The company provides integrated graphic communication services to professional publishers, not for profit societies and corporations. it also offers c
645	ACTV	California First National Bancorp	RN	Bank holding company with subsidiaries which lease and sell mid-range computers, peripherals, workstations, personal computer networks, telecommunicat
646	ACTV	Capital Crossing Bank	RB	The company (formerly known as atlantic bank and trust company) is a holding company which operates through its subsidiaries atlantic bank, dolphin ca
647	ACTV	Calloway's Nursery, Inc.	HI	Calloway's nursery, inc. is a speciality retailer of lawn and garden products. the company also offers variety of quality living products and related 
648	ACTV	Caminus Corporation	BS	The principal activities of the group is the provision of software solutions and strategic consulting to participants in energy markets throughout nor
649	ACTV	Camtek Limited	ST	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
650	ACTV	Canterbury Consulting Group, Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the company are providing information technology products and services to commercial and government clients. the company h
651	ACTV	Tarantella, Inc.	SP	Provides internet infrastructure software that enables web-based access to enterprise applications, its 3 solution provides managed and secure web acc
652	ACTV	CHC Helicopter Corporation	MT	Holding company with subsidiaries which perform helicopter transportation, overhaul and repair services; Provide repair services to certain fixed-wing
653	ACTV	Cabot Corporation	CM	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
654	ACTV	Canterbury Park Holding Corporation	RA	The activities of the company includes live thoroughbred and quarter horse racing and related pari-mutuel wagering operations in shakopee and minnesot
655	ACTV	Captaris, Inc.	SP	The company provides unified communications and mobile business solutions. the product line of the company includes telephony-oriented and computer-or
656	ACTV	Tele Norte Celular Participacoes S.A.	CU	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
657	ACTV	Compagnie Generale de Geophysique	OW	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different energy related things      
658	ACTV	AVI BioPharma, Inc.	BD	The company, a development stage company, develops therapeutic products with the main focus of developing treatments for life-threatening diseases, mo
659	ACTV	CareCentric, Inc.	SP	Holding company with subsidiaries which design, assemble, market and service computer systems for use specifically by health providers; And provide eq
660	ACTV	CareScience, Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the company(care management science corporation) are providing an integrated suite of proprietary internet-based products 
661	ACTV	Talk America Holdings, Inc.	CU	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide telecommunication services, including long distance outbound service, inbound toll-free service and de
662	ACTV	Cabot Microelectronics Corporation	CM	The principal activity of the company is to develop, manufacture and supply polishing slurries to the semiconductor industry for usage in chemical mec
663	ACTV	Cash America International, Inc.	MS	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
664	ACTV	Catalyst International, Inc.	SP	The prinicipal activity of the company is developing, marketing and support advanced warehouse management software solutions. the company also provide
665	ACTV	Catalyst Semiconductor, Inc.	SM	The company designs, develops and markets nonvolatile memory semiconductor products serving the micro-controller applications market.the products of t
666	ACTV	Capital Senior Living Corporation	HF	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to health care       
667	ACTV	Cadiz, Inc.	CR	The principal activities of the group are the acquisition and development of water and agricultural resources; Development, growing, packing and marke
668	ACTV	Cathay Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activity of the group is the provision of commercial banking including the acceptance of checking, money market savings, and time deposi
669	ACTV	Catalytica Energy Systems, Inc.	EI	The group principal activity is to develop proprietary technologies that use catalysts to essentially eliminate the formation of harmful pollutants an
670	ACTV	Catapult Communicatons Corporation	CE	The company designs, develops, markets and supports an advanced software test system offering an integrated testing application for the global telecom
671	ACTV	Syms Corporation	RT	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
672	ACTV	Cavalry Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The principal activities of the group includes attracting deposits and providing mortgage, consumer, construction and commercial loans to the general 
673	ACTV	Celeritek, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing gallium arsenide (gaas), semiconductor components and sub
674	ACTV	Celestica, Inc.	EI	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
675	ACTV	Cellular Technical Services Company, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the company are providing real-time information processing and information management solutions. the company designs, deve
676	ACTV	BJs Wholesale Club, Inc.	RT	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
677	ACTV	Comstock Resources, Inc.	CL	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related items     
678	ACTV	Calgon Carbon Corporation	CM	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
679	ACTV	CB Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activity of the group is providing financial services to domestic markets and granting commercial, financial, real estate, installment a
680	ACTV	CBES Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activity of the company is offers community oriented banking services and loan servicing activities through its subsidiary cbes service 
681	ACTV	SurModics, Inc.	CM	Provides high value-added surface modification solutions including interventional cardiology catheters, vascular stents, interventional neurology cath
682	ACTV	CCF Holding Company	RB	The group is a bank holding company which accepts deposits from the general public and uses such deposits to originate commercial, residential and con
683	ACTV	Centiv, Inc.	CP	Offers web services for consumer brand companies to manage their in-store and on-premise point-of-purchase (pop) solutions used by manufacturers and m
684	ACTV	Ceridian Corporation	CS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
685	ACTV	Cerner Corporation	CN	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, marketing, installing, hosting and supporting information technology and content solu
686	ACTV	Caraustar Industries, Inc.	PA	The company manufactures, converts and markets paperboard and related products.the company operates in three business segments: paperboard; Tube, core
687	ACTV	Cal-Maine Foods, Inc.	FL	Produces, cleans, grades and packages fresh shell eggs for sale to shell egg retailers.     
688	ACTV	Avigen, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the company is the development of gene therapy products for the treatment of inherited and acquired disease. the company dev
689	ACTV	Centene Corporation	IA	The company''s principal activity is providing managed care programs and related services to individuals receiving benefits under medicaid, including 
690	ACTV	CGI Group, Inc.	CS	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
691	ACTV	Sun Bancorp, Inc.	RB	A multi-bank holding company which provides community banking services through 72 financial service centers in southern and central new jersey, new ca
692	ACTV	China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited	AR	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different transportation things      
693	ACTV	Axonyx, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company is to discover, develop and acquire proprietary pharmaceutical compounds and technologies for the treatment of
694	ACTV	Channell Commercial Corporation	CE	The company designs and manufactures telecommunication equipment. the products of the company include a complete line of thermoplastic and metal fabri
695	ACTV	Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing Limited	SM	Provides wafer fabrication and semiconductor foundry services and technologies using advance production facilities and proprietary integrated circuit 
696	ACTV	Steel Dynamics, Inc.	IS	The company operates, develops and markets technologically advance flat-rolled steel mini-mill. the products of the company include hot rolled, cold r
697	ACTV	Consolidated Energy, Inc.	OO	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a series of unique and completely legal energy related activities     
698	ACTV	Chart Industries, Inc.	MG	The company performs a bunch of different capital stuff       
699	ACTV	CheckFree Corporation	CS	The principal activities of the group is to provide transaction processing services, software and related products to financial institutions and busin
700	ACTV	chinadotcom Corporation	CS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
701	ACTV	Summit Properties, Inc.	RE	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
702	ACTV	Bard Crest, Inc.	ME	Owns and operates a ton of things all related to health care     
703	ACTV	Center Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company is a one bank holding company operating through its wholly-owned subsidiary, union center national bank. the bank offers a broad range of 
704	ACTV	ChipMOS Technologies Limited	SM	Provides semiconductor testing and assembly services to the semiconducting industry. new registrant.   
705	ACTV	ChoiceTel Communications, Inc.	CE	The company provides coin operated pay telephone services in the united states. the company operates, services and maintains 1500 pay telephones, with
706	ACTV	Cass Information Systems, Inc.	RB	Bank holding company with subsidiaries which perform commercial banking operations, mortgage banking and other related financial activities. 
707	ACTV	Campbell Soup Corporation	FP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of non-cyclical consumer goods       
708	ACTV	Barr Laboratories, Inc.	BD	The company performs a bunch of different health care related stuff      
709	ACTV	Capital Automotive	RE	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related things      
710	ACTV	CIENA Corporation	CE	The company offers comprehensive portfolio of products for communications service providers worldwide. the customers include long-distance carriers, c
711	ACTV	Sterling Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activity of the group is to provide retail, commercial and mortgage banking services including demand, savings and time deposits. the ba
712	ACTV	Chicago Bridge & Iron Company	CV	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied capital things       
713	ACTV	Charles & Colvard Limited	JS	The principal activities of the company are manufacture, marketing & distributing of silicon carbide (moissanite) as a gemstone material for ornamenta
714	ACTV	Bausch & Lomb, Inc.	ME	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied health care things     
715	ACTV	Capital Environmental Resource, Inc.	WM	Provides solid waste collection, transfer, disposal and recycling services to commercial, industrial and residential customers in secondary markets in
716	ACTV	St. Mary Land & Exploration Company	OO	The company is involved in exploration, development, acquisition and production of natural gas and crude oil. the company has domestic operations in m
717	ACTV	Capital Title Group, Inc.	RE	The company is an independent title agency providing escrow services. the company is also an agent of first american title insurance company, chicago 
718	ACTV	Capstead Mortgage Corporation	RE	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
719	ACTV	Cimatron Limited	SP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
720	ACTV	Ciprico, Inc.	CD	The group design, manufacture and market high-performance direct-attached and networked storage solutions. it includes disk array hardware, software a
721	ACTV	Sterion, Inc.	ME	Develops, assembles and markets disposable medical products for use in general and cardiovascular surgery, products produced and sold under the oxboro
722	ACTV	Chromcraft Revington, Inc.	FF	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique cyclical consumer items   
723	ACTV	Career Education Corporation	SC	The principal activities of the group are the ownership and operation of companies which engaged in the provision of private for- profit postsecondary
724	ACTV	CarMax Group	RL	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
725	ACTV	Cirrus Logic, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are the design and manufacture of integrated circuits that employ high-performance analog and digital signal pro
726	ACTV	Cellegy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the group is the development of prescription drugs and skin care products for the treatment of gastrointestinal disorders, s
727	ACTV	Central European Distribution Corporation	BA	The principal activities of the group are import and distribution of alcoholic beverages. the services of the company include next-day alcoholic bever
728	ACTV	China Yuchai International Limited	MG	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied capital things    
729	ACTV	Centerstate Banks of Florida, Inc.	RB	The company is a multi bank holding company. the company was formed by the merger of community national bank of pasco county, first national bank of a
730	ACTV	Carmike Cinemas, Inc.	MP	The company''s principal activity is in the operation of motion picture theatres. the company owns, manages and operates theatres and other properties
731	ACTV	Station Casinos, Inc.	CG	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
732	ACTV	China Southern Airlines Company Limited	AR	The company performs a bunch of different transportation related stuff    
733	ACTV	El Paso Corporation	NG	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
734	ACTV	Central Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The bank acquires deposits and uses the same to provide mortgage loans for the construction, purchase and refinances for residential properties. the b
735	ACTV	Citrix Systems, Inc.	SP	The group develops, markets, sells and supports application delivery and management software and services. this software enables the effective and eff
736	ACTV	Blue Dolphin Energy Company	OO	The company conducts its business activities in three business segments: pipeline operations, oil and gas exploration and production and development o
737	ACTV	Claiborne Liz, Inc.	AA	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of cyclical consumer goods     
738	ACTV	Central Coast Bancorp	RB	The bank is a holding company for bank of salinas and cypress bank, state chartered banks, headquartered in salinas and seaside, california. the compa
739	ACTV	CarrAmerica Realty Corporation	RE	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
740	ACTV	Clare, Inc.	SM	Designs, manufactures and sells high voltage analog semiconductor integrated packages and discrete components, electromagnetic relays and switches, su
741	ACTV	Star Buffet, Inc.	RS	The group owns and operates chain of restaurants. the restaurant segments are branded for its different style of presentation. the company has five re
742	ACTV	Clayton Homes, Inc.	CV	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of really big items    
743	ACTV	Century BanCorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
744	ACTV	Clarus Corporation	CS	The company develops, markets and supports an internet-based business relating to e-commerce software that automates the purchase and management of su
745	ACTV	Click Commerce, Inc.	SP	The company provides business-to-business software products and services that use the internet to connect manufacturing companies with their distribut
746	ACTV	Centennial Communications Corporation	CU	The principal activity of the group is the provision of mobile wireless communication domestically and mobile wireless communications and competitive 
747	ACTV	Charles Schwab Corporation	IV	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
748	ACTV	Click2learn, Inc.	CS	The principal activity of the group is to provide e-learning solutions designed to help organizations more effectively to use knowledge as a competiti
749	ACTV	ClickAction, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group is providing permission-based email relationship management, or erm products and services that enable businesses
750	ACTV	ClickSoftware Technologies Limited	SP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
751	ACTV	Staples, Inc.	RL	The principal activities of the group are the operation of a chain of office supply stores, electronic commerce business and contract stationer operat
752	ACTV	Chalone Wine Group Limited	BA	The company produces markets and sells super premium, ultra premium and luxury-priced white and red varietal table wines. the company owns and operate
753	ACTV	Clarcor, Inc.	AP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
754	ACTV	BEI Medical Systems Company, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the company are manufacturing diagnostic and therapeutic products focusing on gynecology and women's health issues. the co
755	ACTV	Charter One Financial, Inc.	SB	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
756	ACTV	ST Assembly Test Services Limited	SM	Provides of a full range semiconductor test and assembly service to fables companies and foundries, including: testing, including final testing and wa
757	ACTV	CNH Global N.V.	CA	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique capital goods    
758	ACTV	Chemical Financial Corporation	RB	The company is a diversified financial services company providing consumer, mortgage, trust, insurance and financial planning services. the banking se
759	ACTV	CNET Networks, Inc.	CS	The company offers products and services that provide a platform for advertisers to create brand awareness and sell products to a large, tech-savvy au
760	ACTV	Cobra Electronics Corporation	CE	The company designs and markets consumer electronic products for two-way communications. the principal products of the company include citizen band ra
761	ACTV	Sportsman's Guide, Inc. (The)	CT	The company markets and sells value priced outdoor gear and general merchandise, with emphasis on outdoor clothing, equipment and footwear. the compan
762	ACTV	El Paso Tennessee Pipeline Company	NG	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
763	ACTV	Beverly Enterprises, Inc.	HF	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied health care things      
764	ACTV	Cherokee, Inc.	MS	The principal activities of the company include marketing and licensing of cherokee and sideout brands related trademarks and other brands it owns. th
765	ACTV	Chester Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The company is a bank holding company, which operates through its wholly owned subsidiaries, chester national bank and chester national bank of missou
766	ACTV	Central Virginia Bankshares, Inc.	RB	The bank is a one bank holding company operating through its subsidiary, central virginia bank. the bank offers a variety of financial services to ind
767	ACTV	CNF Transportion, Inc.	TR	The company performs unique and varied transportation things     
768	ACTV	Collins & Aikman Corporation	AP	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
769	ACTV	BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the company is the development of pharmaceuticals for the treatment of infections, inflammatory and cardiovascular diseases 
770	ACTV	Cognex Corporation	ST	The principal activities of the group are the design, development, manufacturing and marketing of machine vision systems that are used to automate a w
771	ACTV	Sports Resorts International, Inc.	AP	The principal activities of the company are manufacturing of truck bedliners, bed mats for different vehicle models and also ground lowering kits for 
772	ACTV	Church & Dwight Company, Inc.	PH	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
773	ACTV	Coachmen Industries, Inc.	MH	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of really big things        
774	ACTV	Carriage Services, Inc.	PS	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
775	ACTV	Cognicase, Inc.	CE	Provides e-business integrator and wireless/internet electronic solutions with offices in several major north american and european business center wh
776	ACTV	Blue Martini Software, Inc.	SP	The company develops, markets and supports enterprise software applications and services that enable companies to understand, target and interact with
777	ACTV	Biogen, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company are developing, manufacturing and marketing of drugs for human health care. products of the company include ce
778	ACTV	Casella Waste Systems, Inc.	WM	Provides non-hazardous waste collection, transfer, disposal and recycling services in vermont, new hampshire, maine, massachusetts, upstate new york a
779	ACTV	Casey's General Stores, Inc.	GR	The principal activities of the group are the operation of convenience stores under the name casey's general store in nine midwestern states, primaril
780	ACTV	Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation	SP	Provides high-quality, cost-effective, full life cycle solutions to complex software development and maintenance problems including quality assurance 
781	ACTV	SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc.	CM	The principal activities of the group are the design, development, manufacturing, marketing and supports chemical mechanical planarization, or cmp, sy
782	ACTV	Coastalcast Corporation	MG	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different capital goods interests     
783	ACTV	Bio-Logic Systems Corporation	ME	The company designs, develops, assembles and markets computer-based electro-diagnostic systems for use by hospitals, clinics, universities and physici
784	ACTV	Chittenden Corporation	RB	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
785	ACTV	Catellus Development Corporation	RE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
786	ACTV	Charter Financial Corporation	SB	The corporation is a holding company of charterbank. the bank is a federally chartered stock savings bank headquartered in west point, georgia. the ba
787	ACTV	BioMarin Pharmaceutical, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the group is the development of carbohydrate enzyme therapies for debilitating life-threatening chronic genetic disorders an
788	ACTV	CBL & Associates Properties, Inc.	RE	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
789	ACTV	CBRL Group, Inc.	RS	The company operates and develops restaurants and retail concepts. the company carrys its operations under cracker barrel old country store and logan'
790	ACTV	Cognos, Inc.	SP	Provides business intelligence software solutions; Develops, markets and supports an integrated business intelligence platform that allow the customer
791	ACTV	Spacelabs Medical, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the group are manufacturing, marketing, distribution and servicing of patient monitoring devices and related supplies, dia
792	ACTV	DPL, Inc.	EU	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of energy related th    
793	ACTV	Clorox Corporation	PH	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
794	ACTV	CDI Corporation	BS	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related things      
795	ACTV	Cohu, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are the design, manufacture and sale of semiconductor test handling equipment to semiconductor manufacturers thr
796	ACTV	Spartan Motors, Inc.	AM	The principal activities of the group are the designing, engineering and manufacturing of custom heavy-duty chassis consisting of frame assembly, engi
797	ACTV	Cohesant Technologies, Inc.	MG	The activities of the company include designing, developing, manufacturing and selling specialized spray finishing and coating application equipment, 
798	ACTV	CDW Computer Centers, Inc.	CT	The principal activity of the group is the distribution of brand name personal computers and related products primarily through direct marketing to en
799	ACTV	Center Trust, Inc.	RE	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
800	ACTV	Coinstar, Inc.	CS	The group are develops, owns and operates a network of automated self service coin counting and processing machines. the consumers are provided with a
801	ACTV	Southwest Airlines Company	AR	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to transportation      
802	ACTV	Chubb Corporation	IP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
803	ACTV	Cigna Corporation	IA	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
804	ACTV	Central Parking Corporation	BS	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
805	ACTV	Comdial Corporation	CE	The company designs, develops, manufactures and markets integrated digital communications solutions that incorporate convergent voice and data technol
806	ACTV	Chelsea Property Group, Inc.	RE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
807	ACTV	Biomerica, Inc.	ME	The company develops, manufactures and distributes various orthodontic products and medical diagnostic test products. the medical diagnostic products 
808	ACTV	Cigna Investment Securities, Inc.	IV	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
809	ACTV	Commerce One, Inc.	CS	The principal activity of the group is the provision of business to business electronic commerce solutions that use the internet to link buyers and se
810	ACTV	Communication Intelligence Corporation	CP	The company develops, markets and licenses security software and consumer electronics. the products of the company include multi-lingual handwriting r
811	ACTV	Southside Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The corporation operates through its subsidiary southside bank. the bank is a community-focused financial institution that offers a full range of fina
812	ACTV	Colonial Commercial Corporation	CV	The company is a distributor of products and services to building contractors and architectural films. the company also currently holds certain assets
813	ACTV	Communications Systems, Inc.	CE	The company manufactures modular connecting and wiring devices for the telephone and data communications market. the company is also the leading suppl
814	ACTV	Compania Anonima Nacional Telefonos de Venezuela	CE	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
815	ACTV	CompuCom Systems, Inc.	CP	The principal activities of the group are the provision of technology management services and products designed to enhance the productivity of informa
816	ACTV	SPAR Group, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the company are to supply in-store merchandising and marketing services and premium incentive marketing services. the comp
817	ACTV	DTE Energy Company	EU	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of energy related stuff      
818	ACTV	Coca-Cola Bottling Company Consolidated	BN	Produces, markets and distributes carbonated and non-carbonated beverages, primarily products of coca-cola co; And provides management services to var
819	ACTV	Biomet, Inc.	ME	The company operates in the musculoskeletal product segment, which includes the design, manufacture and marketing of four major product groups: recons
820	ACTV	Computer Associates International, Inc.	SP	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
821	ACTV	South Jersey Industries, Inc.	NG	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
822	ACTV	Bionx Implants, Inc.	ME	The company develops, manufactures and markets self-reinforced, resorbable polymer implants. the products of the company include screws, pins, tacks, 
823	ACTV	Cincinnati Financial Corporation	IP	The principal activity of the group is selling of insurance primarily in the midwest and southeast regions of us through a network of local independen
824	ACTV	Computer Horizons Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the group consist of providing a rage of information technology services and e-solutions. the company operates in two majo
825	ACTV	Computer Network Technology Corporation	CN	The company provides hardware and software products, related professional services, and managed services in the storage networking market. the company
826	ACTV	ChipPAC, Inc.	SM	The group''s principal are providing semiconductor packaging, test and distribution test services. the company offers a full portfolio of leaded, lami
827	ACTV	Columbus McKinnon Corporation	MG	The principal activities of the group are design, manufacture and supply of sophisticated material handling products and integrated material handling 
828	ACTV	BioReliance Corporation	BD	Bioreliance corporation is a contract service organization providing testing, development and manufacturing services for biologics and other biomedica
829	ACTV	Citigroup, Inc.	MC	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
830	ACTV	Computer Sciences Corporation	CS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
831	ACTV	SourceCorp, Inc.	CS	The principal activity of the group is the provision of a wide variety of document and information outsourcing solutions to document and information i
832	ACTV	Citizens Banking Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group are providing commercial banking, retail banking and financial services. commercial banking provides a full rang
833	ACTV	Century Business Services, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the group are the provision of professional outsourced business services primarily to small and medium-sized businesses, a
834	ACTV	Century Casinos, Inc.	CG	The company owns and operates a limited-stakes gaming casino in cripple creek, colorado. cripple creek is one of three colorado historical cities wher
835	ACTV	Compuware Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the group are development, marketing and support of an integrated set of systems and software products. the company's prod
836	ACTV	Bob Evans Farms, Inc.	RS	The principal activities of the group are the ownership and operation of full-service family restaurants of 469 in 22 states under the bob evans resta
837	ACTV	Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc.	BN	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things      
838	ACTV	Carlisle Companies, Inc.	FR	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
839	ACTV	Biosite, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the company is the development, manufacture and marketing of rapid, accurate and cost-effective diagnostic products that imp
840	ACTV	Citizens First Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the company is providing financial services to people in st. clair, sanilac, huron, lapeer, macomb, and tuscola counties. 
841	ACTV	Source Information Management Company (The)	BS	Provides information and management services to retail magazine sales to u.s. and canadian retailers and magazine publishers; Services include fixture
842	ACTV	COMARCO, Inc.	CV	The principal activities of the company is to provide advanced technology tools and engineering services for the wireless communications industry thro
843	ACTV	BioSource International, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are it develops, manufactures, markets & distributes products used worldwide in disease related biomedical resea
844	ACTV	Citizens First Financial Corporation	SB	The principle activity of the group is the provision of banking and related services. the deposit products offered by the group include savings, negot
845	ACTV	Comshare, Inc.	SP	Comshare incorporated develops, licences and supports computer software applications and sells services designed to improve managerial effectiveness a
846	ACTV	Churchill Downs, Inc.	CG	The company conducts pari-mutuel wagering on live race meetings for thoroughbred horses and participates in intrastate and interstate simulcast wageri
847	ACTV	City Bank	RB	The principal activity of the company is the provision community banking services.       
848	ACTV	City Holding Company	RB	The principal activities of the group are the provision of diversified financial products and services to consumers and local businesses through 62 ba
849	ACTV	Comtech Telecommunications Corporation	CE	The principal activities of the group are it designs, develops, manufactures and markets sophisticated telecommunications products. the company operat
850	ACTV	Comverse Technology, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, manufacturing, marketing and supporting computer and telecommunications systems and s
851	ACTV	Sonus Networks, Inc.	CE	The company provides switching equipment and software that enable voice and data services to be delivered over new public networks. the company design
852	ACTV	Carpenter Technology Corporation	IS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
853	ACTV	BioSpecifics Technologies Corporation	BD	The company produces and licenses for sale by others, a fermentation derived enzyme named collagenase abc. the enzyme is compounded into collagenase s
854	ACTV	CKF Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The principal activities of the company is to attract deposits from the general public and invest these deposits primarily in one to four family resid
855	ACTV	Concero, Inc.	CS	The company (formerly psw technologies, inc.) is an e-business services firm which offers essential skills with technology and integration expertise. 
856	ACTV	SLI, Inc.	EI	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
857	ACTV	Coca-Cola FEMSA	BN	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
858	ACTV	Comfort Systems USA, Inc.	CV	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of capital activities      
859	ACTV	BioSphere Medical, Inc.	ME	The principal activity of the group is to develop, market and manufacture innovative medical device products for the treatment of hypervascularized tu
860	ACTV	Classic Bancshares, Inc.	SB	The company is a holding company which operates through it's wholly-owned subsidiaries, classic bank and first national bank of paintsville. the compa
861	ACTV	Sonic Foundry, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the company is developing and marketing digital media and internet software tools, services and systems. the media services 
862	ACTV	Celanese AG	CC	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
863	ACTV	Bio-Technology General Corporation	BD	The principal activities of the group are research and development, marketing of biopharmaceutical products. through a combination of internal researc
864	ACTV	CNA Financial Corporation	IP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
865	ACTV	Concord Communications, Inc.	SP	The company develops, markets and supports a suite of highly scalable software solutions which maximizes the availability and performance of networks,
866	ACTV	Clear Channel Communications, Inc.	BC	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
867	ACTV	Collins Industries, Inc.	AM	The principal activities of the group are : ambulances: produces modular and van type ambulances used by hospitals ,ambulance services, fire departmen
868	ACTV	CNA Surety Corporation	IP	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
869	ACTV	Concurrent Computer Corporation	CH	The principal activities of the company is providing computer systems for both the emerging video-on-demand, or vod, market through its xstreme divisi
870	ACTV	Conexant Systems, Inc.	SM	The company designs, develops and sells semiconductor products and system solutions. the company operates in two business segments. the personal netwo
871	ACTV	Song Networks Holding AB	BS	Provides broadband communication services such as voice, data, internet and web-hosting to customers in europe.      
872	ACTV	CRH plc	CV	Manufactures and supplies building materials such as cement, aggregates, readymixed concrete, asphalt and precast concrete in ireland, spain, poland, 
873	ACTV	BioTransplant, Inc.	BD	The company develops pharmaceuticals and systems based on its unique and proprietary technologies to allow safer organ transplantation and creating ne
874	ACTV	CNB Florida Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the company are providing a full range of deposit products and services including commercial and retail checking accounts,
875	ACTV	Conolog Corporation	EI	Designs, manufactures, distributes and sells electronic and electro-magnetic components and subassemblies for use in telephone, radio and microwave tr
876	ACTV	Brookline Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The principal activities of the group include acceptance of deposits from general public; Originating of mortgage loans on residential and commercial 
877	ACTV	Colgate-Palmolive Company	PH	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique non-cyclical consumer items      
878	ACTV	Badger Paper Mills, Inc.	PA	The principal activities of the group are to manufacture paper and paper products and provides converting and printing services to customers throughou
879	ACTV	Biovail Corporation	BD	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different health care related things     
880	ACTV	Emcee Broadcast Products, Inc.	CE	The company manufactures and sells multichannel multipoint distribution service (mmds) microwave transmitters, low power television (lptv) transmitter
881	ACTV	Sola International, Inc.	ME	The company performs a bunch of different health care related stuff      
882	ACTV	Consolidated Freightways Corporation	TR	The principal activities of the group consist of full-service trucking, air freight forwarding and supply chain management services. full-service truc
883	ACTV	Columbia Sportswear Company	AA	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing, marketing and distribution of active outdoor apparel. the company's segment includ
884	ACTV	Convera Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, marketing and supporting high performance, accurate, scalable and secure search-power
885	ACTV	Inrange Technologies Corporation	CN	Designs, manufactures, markets and services switching and networking products for storage data and telecommunications networks. new registrant.    
886	ACTV	Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company	EU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related products   
887	ACTV	Crown Andersen, Inc.	MG	Crown andersen inc. designs, manufactures and markets a wide range of pollution control systems and other industrial equipment. the products of the co
888	ACTV	Century Telephone Enterprises, Inc.	CU	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
889	ACTV	Insightful Corporation	SP	Develops, markets and supports software productivity tools for the technical calculation and data analysis markets comprised of professionals, researc
890	ACTV	CoorsTek, Inc.	EI	The principal activity of the group is the development, manufacturing and marketing of engineered solutions for a multitude of industrial and commerci
891	ACTV	SL Industries, Inc.	MG	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied capital things    
892	ACTV	Cooper Cameron Corporation	OW	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of energy related goods      
893	ACTV	Concord Camera Corporation	PG	The principal activities of the group are the designing, developing, manufacturing, marketing and worldwide distribution of image capture products and
894	ACTV	CFC International, Inc.	CM	Formulates, manufactures and sells chemically-complex, multi-layered functional coatings which provide superior performance under a wide range of oper
895	ACTV	Champion Industries, Inc.	PR	The company is a major commercial printer, business forms manufacturer and office products and office furniture supplier. the major production areas i
896	ACTV	Sky Financial Group, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group are the operation of commercial and consumer banking business at over 200 banking centers and 150 atms located i
897	ACTV	Boston Scientific Corporation	ME	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique health care related items       
898	ACTV	Championship Auto Racing Teams, Inc.	RA	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
899	ACTV	Champps Entertainment, Inc.	RS	The company operates restaurants through franchised and company-owned outlets. there are twenty eight company-owned and thirteen franchisee restaurant
900	ACTV	Insignia Solutions plc	SP	Develops and markets accelerated java solutions for internet appliances and embedded devices.      
901	ACTV	Skibo Financial Corporation	SB	The company is a federal savings and loans holding company. the company has one wholly-owned subsidiary, first carnegie deposit. the company attracts 
902	ACTV	ConAgra Foods, Inc.	FP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of non-cyclical consumer goods       
903	ACTV	Chase Industries, Inc.	IS	Owns and operates a bunch of different things        
904	ACTV	Bristol Myers Squibb Company	MD	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of health care related products       
905	ACTV	Charlotte Russe Holding, Inc.	RT	The company is a mall-based specialty retailer of fashionable, value-priced apparel and accessories. the company projects fashion attitudes through fa
906	ACTV	CNB Financial Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group are to provide a wide range of banking and related services to individual and corporate customers through the wh
907	ACTV	Cone Mills Corporation	AA	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied cyclical consumer things       
908	ACTV	Charming Shoppes, Inc.	RT	The principal activity of the group is the operation of a chain of retail specialty stores located throughout the continental united states. the group
909	ACTV	Charter Communications, Inc.	BC	The principal activity of the group is the ownership and operation of cable systems, offering customers a full range of traditional cable television s
910	ACTV	Copytele, Inc.	CP	The principal activities of the company are the development, production and marketing of multi-functional encryption products, which provide high-grad
911	ACTV	SKF AB	MF	Holding company with subsidiaries which manufacture a variety of bearings used in machine tools, machinery and electric motors; And manufacture ball a
912	ACTV	Core Laboratories	OW	A holding company that manages a multitude of energy related goods      
913	ACTV	Britesmile, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the group is to develop, produce, sell and lease advanced teeth whitening products, services and technology. the company's
914	ACTV	Chateau Communities, Inc.	RE	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related things      
915	ACTV	Corillian Corporation	SP	The company provides a package of professional services which include implementation services, hosting services, consulting services, support services
916	ACTV	Simon Property Group, Inc.	RE	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
917	ACTV	British Biotech plc	BD	Holding company with subsidiaries which research and develop pharmaceutical products relating to cancer, inflammatory and vascular diseases and immuno
918	ACTV	Corio, Inc.	SP	The group''s principal activity is the provision of software application services. the group''s service offerings consist of application management se
919	ACTV	Corning, Inc.	CE	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
920	ACTV	Corvis Corporation	CE	The company designs, manufactures & markets products which enable transmission, switching and management of communications traffic in the optical doma
921	ACTV	Six Flags, Inc.	RA	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
922	ACTV	Continental Airlines, Inc.	AR	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied transportation things    
923	ACTV	Constellation Brands, Inc.	BA	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
924	ACTV	Cooper Tire & Rubber Company	TI	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied cyclical consumer things   
925	ACTV	CoSine Communications, Inc.	CE	The principal activity of the company is to develop and sell communications platform which enable network service providers to deliver computer applic
926	ACTV	Comerica, Inc.	RB	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
927	ACTV	Cambridge Antibody Technology Group plc	BD	Provides research in proprietary technologies in human monoclonal antibodies for drug discovery and drug development. new registrant.    
928	ACTV	CoStar Group, Inc.	CS	The principal activity of the group is the provision of information services to the united states commercial real estate industry. the company's suite
929	ACTV	Covansys Corporation	SP	Provides information technology services, including conversion and testing services, applications development and maintenance, client/server applicati
930	ACTV	Cray, Inc.	CH	The company designs, develops,markets and services high performance computer systems, commonly known as supercomputers. the company presently markets 
931	ACTV	Simpson Mufacturing, Inc.	MF	Owns and operates a bunch of different things        
932	ACTV	Cornerstone Propane Partnership, L.P.	OO	Owns and operates a ton of things all related to energy       
933	ACTV	CUNO, Inc.	MG	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing and marketing of a comprehensive line of filtration products. these products are us
934	ACTV	Cambridge Heart, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the group is to conducts research, development and markets products for the non-invasive diagnosis of cardiac disease. the
935	ACTV	Creative Technology Limited	CP	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
936	ACTV	BVR Systems Limited	CS	Develops, manufactures and markets sophisticated training and computer based simulation systems for military applications.     
937	ACTV	CPAC, Inc.	PG	The company manufactures, markets and distributes-cleaning and personal care products and also chemical formulations, supplies and equipment systems t
938	ACTV	CardioDynamics International Corporation	ME	The company is a medical technology and information solution company that develops, manufactures, and markets noninvasive heart-monitoring devices usi
939	ACTV	Checkers Drive-In Restaurants, Inc.	RS	The principal activity of the company is the operation of chains of double drive-thru restaurants in the united states. the company's operations are c
940	ACTV	Credence Systems Corporation	SM	The principal activities of the group are the design, manufacturing, selling and service of automatic test equipment, or ate, used for testing semicon
941	ACTV	Simplex Solutions, Inc.	SM	Provides software and services that enable the design and first-time production success of complex integrated circuits, or ics, for communications, co
942	ACTV	Corn Products International, Inc.	FP	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
943	ACTV	Curtiss Wright Corporation	AD	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied capital things       
944	ACTV	Checkpoint Systems, Inc.	SS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
945	ACTV	Cheesecake Factory, Inc.	RS	The principal activities of the group are the creation, production and distribution of high quality cheesecakes and other baked desserts, including ap
946	ACTV	Community Central Bank Corporation	RB	The company is a bank holding company that owns all the outstanding capital stock of the community central bank. the products and services of the comp
947	ACTV	Daugherty Resources, Inc.	OO	The company (formerly known as alaska apollo resources inc) is a natural resources company with assets in oil and gas, and gold and silver properties.
948	ACTV	CardioGenesis Corporation	ME	Designs, develops, manufactures and distributes laser-based surgical products and disposable fiber-optic accessories for the treatment of advanced car
949	ACTV	Chico's FAS, Inc.	RT	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
950	ACTV	Cree, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are developing, manufacturing and marketing of compound semiconductor materials and electronic devices made from
951	ACTV	Signal Technology Corporation	AD	The principal activity of the group is designs, develops, manufactures and markets electronic components and subsystems used in defense, space and com
952	ACTV	CPI Corporation	PG	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
953	ACTV	Celgene Corporation	BD	The principal activities of the group are the discovery, development and commercialization of novel human pharmaceuticals for the treatment of cancer 
954	ACTV	Children's Place Retail Stores, Inc.	RT	The principal activity of the group is retailing of apparel and accessories for children from newborn to twelve years of age. the company provides hig
955	ACTV	Childtime Learning Centers, Inc.	PS	The company provides childcare and preschool educational services to children between the ages of 6 weeks and 12 years. the company has 304 child care
956	ACTV	Shop at Home, Inc.	BC	The company sells consumer products through interactive electronic media including broadcast, cable and satellite television and the internet. the pro
957	ACTV	Cell Genesys, Inc.	BD	The company focuses its research and product development efforts on human disease therapies which are based on innovative gene-modification technologi
958	ACTV	Crossroads Systems, Inc.	CP	The company is the leading provider of enterprise data center routing solutions for open system storage area networks (sans) including s/390 connectio
959	ACTV	Cryptologic, Inc.	SP	Software development and support services for electronic commerce and online gaming, proprietary commerce-enabling technology, permitting secure, reli
960	ACTV	Crystal Systems Solutions Limited	SP	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
961	ACTV	SIGA Technologies, Inc.	BD	A development stage company, that discovers, develops and commercializes vaccines, antibiotics and novel anti infectives for serious infectious diseas
962	ACTV	Covenant Transport, Inc.	TR	Operates transportation services, such as team and refrigerated services, to customers throughout the united states.    
963	ACTV	CSK Corporation	SP	Provides computer services, consisting of programming and software development, facilities management, and data entry services; And retails and leases
964	ACTV	CSP, Inc.	CH	Designs, manufactures and markets high-performance, real-time computer systems, software and services, offering high-quality products    
965	ACTV	CyberOptics Corporation	ST	The principal activities of the group are the designing, manufacturing and marketing intelligent, non-contact sensors and integrated systems. the comp
966	ACTV	Compass Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The company provides commercial banking and trust bus services through 340 bank offices including 117 in texas, 87 in alabama, 60 in arizona, 40 in fl
967	ACTV	Cott Corporation	BA	Produces, packages and distributes a wide selection of bottled and canned carbonated beverages under private label and branded names.    
968	ACTV	Dawson Geophysical Company	OW	The principal activity of the company is the provision of collecting and processing 3-d seismic data to assess potential underground oil and gas depos
969	ACTV	Craftmade International, Inc.	AT	The company designs, distributes and markets ceiling fans, light kits, bathstrip lighting and related accessories. the products of the company are mar
970	ACTV	CyberSource Corporation	CS	The group develops and provides online commerce transaction processing services, software and consulting expertise. the company operates in the follow
971	ACTV	Sierra Bancorp	RB	One-bank holding company with subsidiaries which perform commercial banking operations and other related financial activities.   
972	ACTV	ChemFirst, Inc.	CM	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
973	ACTV	Choice Hotels International, Inc.	HM	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
974	ACTV	Choice One Communications, Inc.	CU	The company offers broadband data and voice telecommunications services. the services include high speed data and internet service, using digital subs
975	ACTV	Cysive, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the company are developing and building of web, wireless and voice-activated software solutions. the company offers its so
976	ACTV	Cadence Design Systems, Inc.	SP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
977	ACTV	Cell Pathways, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the group is the discovery, development and commercialization of products to prevent and treat cancer. the group has develop
978	ACTV	Choicepoint, Inc.	BS	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
979	ACTV	Daleen Technologies, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the company is to provide internet software solutions that manage the revenue chain for service providers. the product famil
980	ACTV	Danaher Corporation	ST	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
981	ACTV	Shopko Stores, Inc.	DD	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
982	ACTV	Cutter & Buck, Inc.	AA	The company designs, sources and markets men's and women's sportswear, fashion and outerwear apparel. the operations of the company are carried out in
983	ACTV	Chesapeake Corporation	CK	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
984	ACTV	Dassault Systemes S.A.	CN	Development, sale and services of software products for computer-aided design, computer-aided manufacturing and computer-aided engineering. also obtai
985	ACTV	Data Systems & Software, Inc.	CS	The company provides consulting and development services for computer software and systems. the company is an authorized dealer and reseller of comput
986	ACTV	Concepts Direct, Inc.	PH	The company sells personalized paper products, gift items, home decorative items and casual apparel directly to individual customers. orders are recei
987	ACTV	Keyspan Corporation	NG	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
988	ACTV	Delta Petroleum Corporation	OO	The company acquires, explores, develops and produces oil and gas properties. the principal products produced by the company are crude oil and natural
989	ACTV	Dectron International, Inc.	MG	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied capital things    
990	ACTV	Cephalon, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are the discovery, development and marketing of products to treat neurological disorders and cancers. the group 
991	ACTV	Selectica, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are developing and marketing of interactive selling system software and services for electronic commerce, sales 
992	ACTV	Dan River, Inc.	AA	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
993	ACTV	Chattem, Inc.	BD	The company manufactures and markets branded consumer product, consisting of over-the-counter health care and toiletries and skin care products.the ov
994	ACTV	CNBC Bancorp	RB	The principal activity of the group is offering of banking services. the group accepts banking deposit products including checking accounts, now accou
995	ACTV	Coastal Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The company serves as a parent holding company of coastal banc ssb. the bank is a federal state savings institution operating through 50 branch office
996	ACTV	Sensytech, Inc.	AD	The principal activity of the company is to design, develop and manufacture systems and equipment for integrated passive surveillance systems for mili
997	ACTV	Chief Consolidated Mining Company	MM	The activities of the company is to explore and develop mining claims and properties and derive revenue from land sales, interest and miscellaneous in
998	ACTV	Cholestech Corporation	ME	The principal activities of the group are: diagnostic products, wellcheck (tm) and wellcheck.com. diagnostic products develops, manufactures and marke
999	ACTV	Coastal Financial Corporation	SB	The principal business activity consists of attracting deposits from the general public and using these funds to originate conventional one-to-four fa
1000	ACTV	Christopher & Banks Corporation	RT	The company is a retailer of women's specialty apparel. the company offers its customers a wide range of sportswear, sweaters, dresses and accessiores
1001	ACTV	Segue Software, Inc.	SP	The company develops, markets and supports software products and provides related professional services, for the management and testing of ebusiness a
1002	ACTV	Delta Air Lines, Inc.	AR	The principal activties of the group are a number of different transportation related thing       
1003	ACTV	Cobalt Corporation	IA	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
1004	ACTV	Chronimed, Inc.	DR	The principal activities of the group are the provision of diagnostic products, specialty pharmacy services and disease management for people with chr
1005	ACTV	Citizens Communications Company	CU	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
1006	ACTV	Concur Technologies, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are: the company is a provider of intranet-based employee-facing applications that extend automations to employe
1007	ACTV	Denbury Resources, Inc.	OO	The company performs a bunch of different energy related stuff        
1008	ACTV	Deckers Outdoor Corporation	FO	The company designs and markets innovative, functional and fashion-oriented footwear developed for both high performance outdoor activities and everyd
1009	ACTV	Cima Labs, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company is to develop and manufacture fast dissolve and enhanced-absorption oral drug delivery systems. fast dissolve 
1010	ACTV	Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company is a bank holding company, providing commercial and consumer banking services through 8 full service financial offices in york county. the
1011	ACTV	Seattle Genetics, Inc.	BD	The group''s principal activities are to discover and develop monoclonal antibody-based drugs to treat cancer and related diseases. the group has four
1012	ACTV	Circor International, Inc.	MF	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
1013	ACTV	Colonial Bancgroup, Inc.	RB	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
1014	ACTV	City Telecom Limited	CU	Provides international telecommunications and internet services in hong kong.     
1015	ACTV	Clean Harbors, Inc.	WM	The principal activities of the group are to provide a variety of environmental remediation and hazardous waste management activities to a diversified
1016	ACTV	SEMX Corporation	SM	Semx corporation (formerly semiconductor packaging materials co. inc), provides speciality materials & services to microelectronic and semiconductor i
1017	ACTV	Electricidade de Portugal, S.A.	EU	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of energy related th    
1018	ACTV	Colony Bankcorp, Inc.	RB	The company is a multi-bank holding company located in fitzgerald, georgia. its wholly-owned subsidiaries are: the bank of fitzgerald, bank of worth, 
1019	ACTV	Columbia Bancorp	RB	The bank is a one bank holding company operating through its principal subsidiary, columbia river bank. the bank offers a broad range of financial ser
1020	ACTV	clickNsettle.com, Inc.	PS	The company is a provider of arbitration and mediation services, also known as alternative dispute resoulation services, principally to insurance comp
1021	ACTV	Scana Corporation	EU	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy production a        
1022	ACTV	Decoma International, Inc.	AP	Designs, engineers and manufactures automotive fascias and related components, assemblies and modules, and plastic body panels and exterior appearance
1023	ACTV	Cleveland Cliffs, Inc.	MM	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
1024	ACTV	Columbia Banking System, Inc.	RB	The group provides commercial, retail banking and real estate lending services. commercial banking includes origination of commercial business loans a
1025	ACTV	Coast Dental Services, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the group are to provide management and administrative functions to dentistry practices at the dental centers. the company
1026	ACTV	Connetics Corporation	BD	The company markets three pharmaceutical products and developing other products. the products of the company are luxiq ( r ), olux ( tm ), ketoconazol
1027	ACTV	Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc.	OW	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
1028	ACTV	Comed Financing	MS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
1029	ACTV	Coldwater Creek, Inc.	CT	The principal activity of the group is the retail of woman's apparel, jewelry, gifts and soft home accessories, primarily marketing its merchandise th
1030	ACTV	Collectors Universe, Inc.	BS	The principal activity of the company is it is engaged in the grading, auctioning, selling and content information for high-end collectibles. the comp
1031	ACTV	SBA Communications Corporation	CU	The principal activities of the company is to lease sound stages. it also includes television production for network programming, motion pictures, spo
1032	ACTV	Commerce Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group are the provision of general banking services, owning of real estate, underwriting credit life and credit accide
1033	ACTV	Comcast Corporation	BC	Develops, manages and operates cable communications systems offering regular cable service, direct to home satellite television and high-speed cable m
1034	ACTV	Commercial Net Lease Realty, Inc.	RE	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
1035	ACTV	Commonwealth Telephone Enterprises, Inc.	CU	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide rural local exchange carrier telecommunications services, long distance telecommunications services, a
1036	ACTV	Champion Enterprises, Inc.	CV	Owns and operates a bunch of different capital things        
1037	ACTV	Expeditors International of Washington, Inc.	MT	The principal activity of the group is the provision of global logistic services, which include the consolidation, or forwarding of air and ocean frei
1038	ACTV	Delphi Corporation	AP	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
1039	ACTV	Compania de Minas Buenaventura S.A.	GS	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
1040	ACTV	CommerceSouth, Inc.	RB	The company operates through its subsidiaries southern bank of commerce and first american bank. the bank provides a full range of banking services. t
1041	ACTV	Saxon Capital, Inc.	CF	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
1042	ACTV	Commtouch Software Limited	CU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
1043	ACTV	Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao	BS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
1044	ACTV	Companhia Cerve Jaria Brahma	BS	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
1045	ACTV	Data Translation, Inc.	CP	The company develops and manufactures high performance data acquisition and imaging products. the company provides engineers and scientists with accur
1046	ACTV	Consolidated Edison, Inc.	EU	A holding company that manages a whole lot of energy related stuff      
1047	ACTV	Dominion Resources, Inc.	OW	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
1048	ACTV	CNS, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company are: developing and marketing consumer health care products, including the breathe right (r) nasal strip. in 2
1049	ACTV	Compania de Telecomunicaciones de Chile S.A.	CU	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related things      
1050	ACTV	Datalink Corporation	SP	Designs, integrates or assembles, installs and supports high-end open systems data storage solutions for end-users, value-added resellers and original
1051	ACTV	Sara Lee Corporation	FP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of non-cyclical consumer goods       
1052	ACTV	Denison International plc	AP	Designs, manufactures, sells and services high-engineered components, including hydraulic pumps, motors and valves for use in hydraulic fluid power sy
1053	ACTV	Corimon C.A.	CM	Owns and operates a bunch of different things        
1054	ACTV	Cohesion Technologies, Inc.	ME	The company develops and commercializes proprietary surgical products for tissue repair and regeneration. neucoll, inc., a subsidiary of the company c
1055	ACTV	Commercial Bankshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activity of the company is the provision of commercial and consumer banking services. the company operates through its wholly owned subs
1056	ACTV	SCP Pool Corporation	RP	The company distributes swimming pool equipment and related parts to remodellers, builders, independent swimming pool retailers, repair and service co
1057	ACTV	Commercial Federal Corporation	SB	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
1058	ACTV	Commonwealth Bankshares, Inc.	RB	A commercial bank holding company provides commercial banking services to individuals and small and medium sized businesses in virginia through 8 bank
1059	ACTV	CompuDyne Corporation	SS	The principal activities of the company are manufacturing and supplying of high technology security and detection systems. the company operates under 
1060	ACTV	Computer Programs and Systems, Inc.	BS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
1061	ACTV	Santander BanCorp	RB	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
1062	ACTV	Corporacion Durango, S.A. de C.V.	PA	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
1063	ACTV	Collateral Therapeutics, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company are the discovery and development of non-surgical gene therapy products for the treatment of cardiovascular di
1064	ACTV	Concorde Career Colleges, Inc.	SC	The company and its subsidiaries owns and operates proprietary post-secondary institutions that offer career training programs to provide entry-level 
1065	ACTV	Consolidated Graphics, Inc.	PR	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
1066	ACTV	Control Delivery Systems, Inc.	CP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
1067	ACTV	Double Eagle Petroleum Company	OO	The company explores, develops, produces and sells crude oil and natural gas. operations of the company are concentrated in the green river basin in s
1068	ACTV	Commonwealth Biotechnologies, Inc.	BD	The company provides research and development support services on a contract basis to the biotechnology industry. the company's customers consist of p
1069	ACTV	Controladora Comerial Mexicana, S.A. de C.V.	RL	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
1070	ACTV	Copart, Inc.	RL	The principal activity of the company is to provide services to process and sell salvage vehicles through auctions. these services are mainly provided
1071	ACTV	Salomon Smith Barney Holding, Inc.	MS	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
1072	ACTV	Compugen Limited	BD	The company performs a bunch of different health care related stuff      
1073	ACTV	CoreComm Limited	CU	The company provides integrated telephone, internet and high-speed data services. these services are provided to business and residential customers in
1074	ACTV	Cornell Companies, Inc.	BS	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
1075	ACTV	DataMirror Corporation	SP	Designs, develops and markets software products that replicate, transform and move data between enterprise databases.   
1076	ACTV	CoBiz, Inc.	RB	Bank holding company with subsidiary which performs commercial banking operations, trust services, leasing, mortgage banking, credit card services and
1077	ACTV	Frontier Airlines, Inc.	AR	The principal activity of the company is to provide scheduled airline service at affordable fares to high volume markets from denver international air
1078	ACTV	Corus Group plc	IS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
1079	ACTV	Corporate Executive Board Company	BS	The principal activities of the company is the provision of best practices research and analysis focusing on corporate strategy, operations and genera
1080	ACTV	Datatec Systems, Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the company is to provide rapid and accurate technology deployment services and licenses software tools to support enterpr
1081	ACTV	Salix Pharmaceuticals Limited	BD	Salix pharmaceuticals, ltd. formerly salix holdings, ltd. a development stage company, develops new pharmaceuticals primarily focussing in the area of
1082	ACTV	Correctional Services Corporation	BS	The group is a developer and manager of privatized correctional and detention facilities in the united states. through its two divisions, adult/commun
1083	ACTV	Cost Plus, Inc.	RL	The principal activity of the group is retailing of casual home living and entertaining products. these products are designed to provide solutions to 
1084	ACTV	Datawatch Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, manufacturing, marketing and distributing commercial software products. the products 
1085	ACTV	Datum, Inc.	CP	The principal activities of the company are designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing high performance time and frequency products that are u
1086	ACTV	Copper Mountain Networks, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the company are design, manufacturing, selling, support and supply of digital subscriber line communication products to te
1087	ACTV	Dynamic Oil & Gas, Inc.	OO	Acquires and explores for oil and gas properties in provinces in canada.        
1088	ACTV	Costco Wholesale Corporation	RL	Holding company with subsidiaries which own and operate chain of wholesale cash and carry membership warehouses offering very low prices on limited se
1089	ACTV	DDI Corporation	EI	The company provides time-critical, technologically advanced design, development and manufacturing services to original equipment manufacturers and ot
1090	ACTV	Dell Computer Corporation	CH	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, manufacturing, marketing, servicing and supporting wide range of computer systems, in
1091	ACTV	Saks, Inc.	DD	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
1092	ACTV	Cresud S.A.	CR	Produces basic agricultural products consisting of crops such as wheat, corn, soybeans and sunflowers, beef cattle, and milk, in argentina; And holds 
1093	ACTV	Cristalerias de Chile S.A.	CK	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
1094	ACTV	Dendrite International, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the group is the provision of software products and support services related to the customer relationship management. this p
1095	ACTV	Descartes Systems Group, Inc.	SP	Develops, markets, implements and supports inter-enterprise software for supply chain management; And sells hardware, such as computers and mobile com
1096	ACTV	SCOR Group	IP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
1097	ACTV	Computer Motion, Inc.	ME	The company develops, manufactures and markets proprietary robotic and computerized surgical systems. the products of the company include aesop surgic
1098	ACTV	Cost-U-Less, Inc.	DD	The company operates mid-size warehouse club-style stores. the stores sell food items such as meat, dairy products, frozen food, grocery, wine, soda, 
1099	ACTV	Diebold, Inc.	OE	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
1100	ACTV	Digex, Inc.	CS	Provides web hosting services which include implementing and maintaining secure, scaleable, high-performance web sites on the internet, and web manage
1101	ACTV	Ryan's Family Steak Houses, Inc.	RS	The principal activities of the group are the development, operation and franchising of family style steak-house restaurants. the company's restaurant
1102	ACTV	EEX Corporation	OW	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different energy    
1103	ACTV	Crown Pacific Partners, L.P.	FW	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
1104	ACTV	Conceptus, Inc.	ME	The principal activity of the group is to design, develop and market minimally invasive devices for human reproductive medical applications. the compa
1105	ACTV	Digi International, Inc.	CH	The principal activity of the company is the provision of data communications products for open systems, server-based communications, internet telepho
1106	ACTV	Cordiant Communications Group plc	AE	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
1107	ACTV	Conmed Corporation	ME	The principal activities of the group are the development, manufacture and supply of instruments and implants for arthroscopic sports medicine, and po
1108	ACTV	Digimarc Corporation	SP	The company provides patented digital watermarking technologies that allow imperceptible digital code to be embedded in the printed or digital version
1109	ACTV	Digital Fusion, Inc.	CS	Creates, acquires, funds, develops operates and integrate a network ofinternet focused technology companies providing technical resources, seed stage 
1110	ACTV	Digital Lightwave, Inc.	CE	Provides products and technology for the management of optical networks, used to develop, install, maintain, monitor, and manage fiber optic-based net
1111	ACTV	Rushmore Financial Group, Inc.	IM	The principal activities of the group are to provide investment and insurance services. the investment services business consists of securities broker
1112	ACTV	Digital River, Inc.	SP	The company provides comprehensive electronic commerce outsourcing solutions. the company enables its clients to access its proprietary electronic com
1113	ACTV	Digital Video Systems, Inc.	CE	The company develops, manufactures and markets digital video compression and decompression hardware and software for entertainment, commercial and edu
1114	ACTV	Digitalthink, Inc.	CS	The company provides web-based training courses and training delivery technology. the e-learning solution helps customers to improve workforce product
1115	ACTV	Diodes, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the company are manufacturing, selling & distributing semiconductors devices. the company's products are used by the manuf
1116	ACTV	River Valley Bancorp	SB	The principal activities of the company are accepting deposits from the general public and applying these funds to originate consumer, commercial and 
1117	ACTV	Frozen Food Express Industries, Inc.	TR	The company is a full service, publicly owned, temperature-controlled trucking company in united states. the company offers the following services: fu
1118	ACTV	Daisytek International Corporation	OS	The principal activities of the group are distribution of computer and office supplies and professional tape products, in addition to providing market
1119	ACTV	CTI Industries Corporation	FR	The group designs, manufactures and distributes balloon products throughout the world. the company also operates systems for the production, laminatio
1120	ACTV	Cooper Companies Inc.	ME	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied health care things     
1121	ACTV	Rural Cellular Corporation	CU	Provides cellular telecommunications and paging services.      
1122	ACTV	Emex Corporation	OI	Provides environmental testing services including air quality, soils, water and asbestos testing; And invests in oil and gas producing properties.  
1123	ACTV	DG Jewelry, Inc.	JS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied cyclical consumer things       
1124	ACTV	Corixa Corporation	BD	The principal activity of the group is focused on the discovery and development orf immunotherapies for the treating and preventing autoimmune disease
1125	ACTV	Dionex Corporation	ST	The principal activities of the group are developing, manufacturing, marketing and servicing of chromatography systems, sample preparation devices and
1126	ACTV	Corel Corporation	SP	Develops, manufactures, licenses, sells and supports a wide range of software products including graphics, business productivity, consumer and video a
1127	ACTV	Corvas International, Inc.	BD	The company designs and develops therapeutic agents for cardiovascular, cancer, stroke and other major diseases. the drugs of the company target major
1128	ACTV	Courier Corporation	PP	The company and its subsidiaries are focussed on streamlining and enhancing the process by which printed books and digital content reach end-user mark
1129	ACTV	Cousins Properties, Inc.	RE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
1130	ACTV	Direct Insite Corporation	SP	The company designs, develops and markets information delivery software products for personal computers, client/server environments and corporate main
1131	ACTV	RTI International Metals, Inc.	MF	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
1132	ACTV	Deere & Company	CA	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of really big items    
1133	ACTV	Covista Communications, Inc.	CU	The company provides telecommunication and internet services to both the commercial and wholesale markets. the company's products and services include
1134	ACTV	Disc, Inc.	CD	The company designs, manufactures and markets a family of high-end computer mass storage systems. these systems contain a combination of optical disks
1135	ACTV	Diversinet Corporation	SP	Enables mobile e-commerce (m-commerce) services with its wireless security infrastructure solutions delivering end-to-end wireless security to wireles
1136	ACTV	Coca Cola Company	BN	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things     
1137	ACTV	DGSE Companies, Inc.	JS	Holding company with subsidiaries which sell jewelry and bullion products to retail, wholesale and internet customers; Offer collateralized loans to i
1138	ACTV	CorVel Corporation	HF	The principal activities of the group are the provision of managed care services including automated medical fee auditing, national preferred provider
1139	ACTV	Cox Communication, Inc.	BC	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
1140	ACTV	Cox Radio, Inc.	BC	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related things      
1141	ACTV	Royal Philips Electronics	CO	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
1142	ACTV	Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P.	OW	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of energy related goods      
1143	ACTV	Covalent Group, Inc.	BD	The group provides clinical research and development services to phramaceutical, biotechnology, medical services and managed care organisation.the com
1144	ACTV	Creative Host Services, Inc.	RS	The company acquires and operates food, beverage and other concessions at airports throughout the united states. the company has 95 operating concessi
1145	ACTV	Divine, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the company are providing enterprise software solutions and services. software services of the company include voice-based
1146	ACTV	Cotton States Life Insurance Company	IL	The principal activities of the group are classified into three major segments: individual life insurance; Guaranteed issue and simplified issue life 
1147	ACTV	DelphaxTechnologies, Inc.	MG	The principal activities of the company are: designing, manufacturing, selling and servicing computerized financial document production systems. the c
1148	ACTV	Covance, Inc.	BD	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied health care things      
1149	ACTV	Crescent Real Estate Equities Company	RE	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
1150	ACTV	CRIIMI MAE, Inc.	RE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
1151	ACTV	Royal Group Technologies Limited	CC	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
1152	ACTV	GATX Corporation	MT	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a series of unique and completely legal transporta   
1153	ACTV	Dixie Group, Inc.	TN	Manufactures and sells finished carpet and rugs and floorcovering products.      
1154	ACTV	Cronos Group	RN	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide intermodal marine container leasing services, supplying dry cargo, refrigerated and tank containers, p
1155	ACTV	DMC Stratex Networks, Inc.	CE	The company designs, manufactures and markets advanced wireless solutions for worldwide telephone network interconnection and broadband wireless acces
1156	ACTV	RCM Technologies, Inc.	BS	The group provides business, technology and resource solutions in information technology and professional engineering to customers in corporate and go
1157	ACTV	Crucell N.V.	BD	Develops and produces a variety of biopharmaceuticals for the treatment of human diseases.   
1158	ACTV	Document Sciences Corporation	SP	The company develops, markets and supports a family of document automation software products and services used in high volume electronic publishing ap
1159	ACTV	Documentum, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are the development, marketing and supports an open flexible, internet-scalable content management platform that
1160	ACTV	Drexler Technology Corporation	CD	The company develops, manufactures and markets optical data storage products used for information recording, storage and retrieval. the products of th
1161	ACTV	Royal Dutch Petroleum Company	OI	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of energy related goods      
1162	ACTV	Dominion Homes, Inc.	CV	The principal activity of the company is to build single family homes in central ohio, louisville and kentucky. products of the company are marketed u
1163	ACTV	DMI Furniture, Inc.	FF	The principal activities of the company are the manufacture, import and sale of furniture. the company sells bedroom furniture, dining furniture, occa
1164	ACTV	CryoLife, Inc.	ME	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different health care related things     
1165	ACTV	Community Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company (formerly known as fallbrook national bank) is the holding company of fallbrook national bank. the primary functions of the bank are accep
1166	ACTV	CSX Corporation	RR	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied transportation things     
1167	ACTV	CytRx Corporation	BD	The company is a biopharmaceutical company, engaged in the development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products. the products include human th
1168	ACTV	Community Bank of Northern Virginia	RB	The company''s principal activities are providing a wide range of services associated with independent community banks in northern virginia market. th
1169	ACTV	DuPont Photomasks, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are the manufacture and sale of photomasks, quartz or glass plates containing precision microscopic images of in
1170	ACTV	Duraswitch Industries, Inc.	EI	The company engineers, markets & licenses electronic switches & icps used in computers, consumer electronics, mobile phones, consumer appliances, auto
1171	ACTV	Roslyn Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The principal activity of the group is the provision of banking services including deposits from the general public and originating residential proper
1172	ACTV	Crosswalk.com, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the company is to provide information, resources and retail sales opportunities. the company has an interactive website, w
1173	ACTV	Crosswave Communications, Inc.	CU	Provides broadband data communications infrastructure and services including the high-speed backbone to business and telecommunications carriers in ja
1174	ACTV	DynTek, Inc.	CS	Holding company with subsidiaries which develop computer software products and provides services for the desing, management and support of distributed
1175	ACTV	E.piphany, Inc.	SP	The company develops, markets and sells the e.piphany e.5 system, an integrated suite of customer relationship management (crm) software solutions. th
1176	ACTV	Cole National Corporation	RL	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
1177	ACTV	DT Industries, Inc.	MG	The principal activities of the group is to design, manufacture and integration of automated production equipment and systems used to manufacture a va
1178	ACTV	Dorel Industries, Inc.	FF	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied cyclical consumer things   
1179	ACTV	D & K Healthcare Resources, Inc.	HF	The principal activities of the company are: distributing pharmaceutical, health and beauty aids and related products to independent pharmacies, regio
1180	ACTV	EarthLink, Inc.	CS	The company operates in the following business areas: narrowband access: provides dial up internet access. web hosting: lease server space and provide
1181	ACTV	Rite Aid Corporation	DR	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
1182	ACTV	Cytec Industries, Inc.	CM	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
1183	ACTV	Datascope Corporation	ME	The principal activity of the group is the manufacturing and marketing of proprietary products for clinical health care markets in interventional card
1184	ACTV	Community Bank System, Inc.	RB	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
1185	ACTV	EasyLink Services Corporation	CS	Provides email services, advertising direct response marketing and e-commerce offerings to members on a subscription basis. new registrant . 
1186	ACTV	Culp, Inc.	TN	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique cyclical consumer items   
1187	ACTV	Laclede Group, Inc.	NG	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
1188	ACTV	Community Financial Corporation	SB	The principal activities of the company is the promotion of savings through the solicitation of savings accounts from the general public and the promo
1189	ACTV	Community Financial Group, Inc.	MS	The principal activities of the company are to provide a full range of banking and related financial services to small and middle-sized businesses. th
1190	ACTV	ebix.com, Inc.	CN	The company is an international provider of software and internet-based solutions for the insurance industry. the company's products are categorised i
1191	ACTV	Ritchie Bros Auctioneers, Inc.	BS	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
1192	ACTV	DXP Enterprises, Inc.	MG	The company is a supplier of maintenance, repair and operating products, equipment and services to industrial customers. the company offers fluid hand
1193	ACTV	First Horizon Pharmaceutical Corporation	BD	The principal activities of the group is to market and sell brand name prescription drugs to high prescribing primary care and specialty physicians. t
1194	ACTV	Community First Bankshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group is the provision of a full range of commercial and consumer banking services primarily to individuals and busine
1195	ACTV	Echelon Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the group are developing, marketing and supporting a family of hardware and software products and services that enables sy
1196	ACTV	Radware Limited	CN	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
1197	ACTV	D F China Technology, Inc.	PA	Manufactures and distributes paper products in china and hong kong.      
1198	ACTV	DataTrak International, Inc.	BD	The company provides application services including electronic data capture (edc) and other services.the company operates a multi-speciality site mana
1199	ACTV	Community Investors Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The company is a bank holding company operating through its wholly owned subsidiary, first federal savings and loan association. the group is a tradit
1200	ACTV	eCollege.com	SP	The company provides technology and services that enable colleges, universities, primary schools and high schools and corporations to offer an online 
1201	ACTV	RITA Medical Systems, Inc.	ME	The company develops, manufactures and markets innovative products that use radiofrequency energy to treat patients with solid cancerous or benign tum
1202	ACTV	ENI S.P.A.	OI	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy     
1203	ACTV	Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
1204	ACTV	eFunds Corporation	CS	The group''s principal activity is to provide transaction processing and risk management services to financial institutions, retailers, electronic fun
1205	ACTV	Eidos plc	SP	Holding company with subsidiaries which develop and publish interactive software products and advanced video compression technologies.    
1206	ACTV	Dana Corporation	AP	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
1207	ACTV	Dycom Industries, Inc.	CV	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of really big things        
1208	ACTV	Community West Bancshares	RB	The company is a bank holding company which provides commercial and retail banking services, including the acceptance of demand, savings and time depo
1209	ACTV	Fair Isaac & Company, Inc.	BS	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
1210	ACTV	Eimo Oyj	CE	The company's principal activity is the manufacture of injection moldings for the mobile communications industry. the production includes mobile phone
1211	ACTV	RF Micro Devices, Inc.	SM	The company designs, develops, manufactures and markets radio frequency integrated circuits, or rfics, for rapidly growing wireless communications pro
1212	ACTV	Madison Gas and Electric Company	EU	The principal activities of the group are the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity. the group also transports and distributes natu
1213	ACTV	Deltic Timber Corporation	FW	Owns and operates a bunch of different things        
1214	ACTV	Concord EFS, Inc.	CF	The company is a vertically-integrated electronic transaction processor which acquires, routes, authorizes, captures and settles all types of non-cash
1215	ACTV	Crown Media Holdings, Inc.	BC	Holding company with subsidiaries which own and operate pay television channels dedicated to high quality family.     
1216	ACTV	Qualstar Corporation	CD	The principal activities of the company are to design, develop, maufacture and sell automated magnetic tape libraries. these tape libraries are used t
1217	ACTV	deCODE Genetics, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company are developing gene and drug target discovery, database and information technology products and services for t
1218	ACTV	Conseco, Inc.	IL	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
1219	ACTV	Cryo-Cell International, Inc.	CU	The company develops, designs and secures patents for cellular storage devices and units. the company uses its cellular experience and technology in t
1220	ACTV	CSG Systems International, Inc.	BS	The principal activity of the group is to provide customer care and billing solutions for the converging communication markets, including cable televi
1221	ACTV	Revlon, Inc.	PH	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
1222	ACTV	Enserch Corporation	OO	The company performs a bunch of different energy related stuff        
1223	ACTV	Elcor Corporation	CX	The company performs a bunch of different capital stuff       
1224	ACTV	Deswell Industries, Inc.	FR	Holding company with subsidiaries which manufacture infection-molded plastic parts and components and electronic products including printed circuit bo
1225	ACTV	Delcath Systems, Inc.	ME	The company''s principal activity is to develop and market a proprietary drug delivery system. this system is capable of introducing and removing, hig
1226	ACTV	Data I/O Corporation	ST	The company designs, manufactures and sells programming systems, which are used by designers and manufacturers of electronic products. the company's p
1227	ACTV	Cornerstone Strategic Return	MS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
1228	ACTV	Cortech, Inc.	MS	The company discovers and develops novel therapeutics for the treatment of inflammatory disorders. the company undertakes clinical trials to develop p
1229	ACTV	Corus Bankshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activity of the group is the provision of consumer and corporate banking products and services such as checking, savings, money market a
1230	ACTV	CSS Industries, Inc.	PP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
1231	ACTV	ResortQuest International, Inc.	HM	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
1232	ACTV	Dendreon Corporation	BD	The company discovers and develops therapeutic vaccines that stimulate a patient's immunity for the treatment of cancer. the company is engaged in res
1233	ACTV	Counsel Corporation	MS	Holding company with subsidiaries which sell and lease durable medical equipment; Provide home health care services such as infusion and respiratory t
1234	ACTV	CT Communications, Inc.	CU	The company is into the provision of integrated telecommunications services to customers operating in five business: ilec services offers integrated t
1235	ACTV	Elbit Vision Systems Limited	ST	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
1236	ACTV	Computer Task Group, Inc.	CS	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
1237	ACTV	Empresas Ica Soc Contrladora	CV	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied capital things       
1238	ACTV	Detrex Corporation	CM	The group manufactures and markets products, services and processes primarily for the metalworking, automotive, chemical and oil industries. the princ
1239	ACTV	Flamel Technologies S.A.	BD	The group specialises in the development of innovative drugs for the pharmaceutical, agrochemical and ophthalmic sectors. to facilitate this developme
1240	ACTV	Countrywide Credit Industries, Inc.	CF	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
1241	ACTV	Remington Oil and Gas Corporation	OO	Explores for and produces oil and natural gas.       
1242	ACTV	Endesa Chile	EU	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of energy related stuff      
1243	ACTV	Dentsply International, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the group are the design, development, manufacture and marketing of dental consumables, laboratory products and dental equ
1244	ACTV	CoVest Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the company are providing financial services and offering a broad range of consumer and commercial banking products and se
1245	ACTV	CTC Communications Corporation	CU	The principal activity of the group is the provision of integrated communications or voice and data telecommunications services. the services include 
1246	ACTV	Delano Technology Corporation	CE	Provides communications software that enables companies to rapidly automate business processes and personalize and manage interactions over the intern
1247	ACTV	CPB, Inc.	MS	The principal activities of the group are lending activities including the granting of commercial, consumer and real estate loans. the bank also offer
1248	ACTV	FairMarket, Inc.	BS	The principal activity of the group is to provide outsourced networked online auction services to companies that intend to develop or enhance their in
1249	ACTV	Famous Dave's of America, Inc.	RS	The principal activity of the company is to develop, operate and franchise casual dining restaurants. the company operates 33 restraunts. the company 
1250	ACTV	CTN Media Group, Inc.	BC	The company is a diversified media company. the company specializes in reaching targeted audiences through television, magazine, newspaper and online 
1251	ACTV	Reliability, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the company are: design, manufacture & sell equipment used in testing integrated circuits. the products of the company are
1252	ACTV	Engineered Support Systems, Inc.	MG	The company designs and manufacturs military equipment and electronics. company operates in four segments, they are heavy military support equipment, 
1253	ACTV	Disc Graphics, Inc.	PA	The principal activities of the company are manufacture and printing of specialty paperboard packaging. the products of the company include pre-record
1254	ACTV	Diacrin, Inc.	BD	The group is a biopharmaceutical company which develops porcine cells which are transplanted into human beings for the treatment of diseases caused by
1255	ACTV	Crawford & Company	IM	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
1256	ACTV	Provant, Inc.	BS	The company provides a broad range of performance improvement training services and products to fortune 1000 companies, other corporations and governm
1257	ACTV	Dianon Systems, Inc.	ME	The company is a specialized laboratory which provides anatomic pathology and clinical chemistry testing services. testing services provided by the co
1258	ACTV	Crazy Woman Creek Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The bank is a unitary savings and loan holding company. the bank operates through its only subsidiary, buffalo federal savings bank in buffalo, wyomin
1259	ACTV	Electro Scientific Industries, Inc.	EI	The principal activities of the group are the provision of equipment necessary to produce key components used in wireless telecommunications, computer
1260	ACTV	Electroglas, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are the development, manufacture, marketing, and servicing of semiconductor wafer inspection products and yield 
1261	ACTV	Reconditioned Systems, Inc.	FF	The company reconditions and markets modular office workstations consisting of file drawers, work surfaces, panels, book and binder workstations integ
1262	ACTV	Esterline Technologies Corporation	AD	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied capital things    
1263	ACTV	Dow Chemical Company	CC	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
1264	ACTV	Credicorp Limited	RB	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
1265	ACTV	Cumulus Media, Inc.	BC	The principal activities of the group are that of a radio broadcasting company. the company focuses on acquiring, operating and developing radio stati
1266	ACTV	Dialysis Corporation of America	HF	The company develops and operates outpatient kidney dialysis centers that provide dialysis and ancillary services to patients suffering from chronic k
1267	ACTV	Credit Acceptance Corporation	CF	The principal activities of the company is to provide funds, receivables management, collection, sales training and related products and services to a
1268	ACTV	CVS Corporation	DR	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
1269	ACTV	Cylink Corporation	CU	The principal activities of the group are developing, marketing and supporting a comprehensive family of secure electronic commerce and communications
1270	ACTV	Electronic Arts, Inc.	SP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
1271	ACTV	Reckson Associates Realty Corporation	RE	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
1272	ACTV	Energy East Corporation	EU	Owns and operates a bunch of different energy related things     
1273	ACTV	Crescent Banking Company	RB	The principal activity of the group is provision of broad range of general commercial banking and financial services and wholesales mortgage banking s
1274	ACTV	Crestline Capital Corporation	CF	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
1275	ACTV	Electronics for Imaging, Inc.	CH	The principal activity of the group is the production and development of innovative solutions and products that enable high-quality color-printing in 
1276	ACTV	Corinthian Colleges, Inc.	SC	Operates degree-granting schools principally in the business area and provides its students with professional education to succeed in today's increasi
1277	ACTV	Enterprise Oil plc	OO	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
1278	ACTV	Fedders Corporation	MG	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique capital goods    
1279	ACTV	Dura Automotive Systems, Inc.	MF	Holding company with subsidiaries which design and manufacture driver control systems, engineered mechanical components and cable-related systems, suc
1280	ACTV	Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc.	RB	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
1281	ACTV	Rainmaker Systems, Inc.	CS	The company provides customer relationship management (ecrm) services to software and other technological companies. the company's business consists o
1282	ACTV	Cumberland Technologies, Inc.	IP	The company is a holding company and wholly-owned subsidiary of kimmins corp. the company provides property and casualty insurance and surety risks fo
1283	ACTV	ELITE Information Group, Inc.	SP	The company provides financial and practice management software applications for law firms and other professional service organizations. the software 
1284	ACTV	Network Engines, Inc.	CH	Network engines, inc. develops, markets and provide integrated and powerful server appliances which can be used by various organizations to provide in
1285	ACTV	Eltek Limited	EI	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
1286	ACTV	Digital Insight Corporation	CS	The principal activities of the group are the provision of internet banking solutions for community financial institutions. the services are offered a
1287	ACTV	Del Monte Foods Company	FP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things     
1288	ACTV	Durban Roodeport Deep Limited	GS	Explores for and develops gold mineral properties in south africa.      
1289	ACTV	Fresenius Medical Care	HF	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different health care related things     
1290	ACTV	Current Income Shares, Inc.	CF	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
1291	ACTV	RADVision Limited	CE	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
1292	ACTV	First Aviation Services, Inc.	AD	The company supplies aircraft parts and components, provides logistics and inventory management services and component overhaul services. new and serv
1293	ACTV	Digene Corporation	BD	The principal activities of the group are developing, manufacturing and marketing of proprietary dna and rna testing systems for the screening, monito
1294	ACTV	CVB Financial Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group are the provision of a full range of banking and trust services to businesses, professionals and individuals. th
1295	ACTV	Embarcadero Technologies, Inc.	SP	The company provides software products that enable organizations to build, optimize and manage their e-business applications and under-lying databases
1296	ACTV	Protection One, Inc.	SS	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
1297	ACTV	Energy West, Inc.	NG	The company distributes and sells natural gas and propane. the company operates through three wholly owned subsidiaries, energy west propane, inc., en
1298	ACTV	Enterprises Products Partners, L.P.	OO	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
1299	ACTV	Discovery Laboratories, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the company is to license and develop products for the treatment of a variety of human diseases. the company mainly focuses 
1300	ACTV	D&N Financial Corporation	MS	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
1301	ACTV	RadiSys Corporation	CN	The principal activities of the company is developing, producing and marketing computer system (hardware and software) products. the company is a prov
1302	ACTV	EarthShell Corporation	CK	The company is in development stage. the company manufactures and sells disposable packaging such as hinged-lid containers, cups, plates, trays and bo
1303	ACTV	Dearborn Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company is a one bank holding company which operates through its subsidiary community bank of dearborn. the bank operates from its main office and
1304	ACTV	EMC Corporation	CD	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
1305	ACTV	Network Equipment Technologies, Inc.	CN	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
1306	ACTV	Digital Recorders, Inc.	CE	The company designs, manufactures, sells, and services information technology products primarily through two major business segments; Transportation p
1307	ACTV	Genesee & Wyoming, Inc.	RR	Holding company with subsidiaries which own and operate short line and regional freight railroads; And provide railroad switching and related services
1308	ACTV	Delta and Pine Land Company	CR	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things     
1309	ACTV	Fleetwood Enterprises, Inc.	MH	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of really big things        
1310	ACTV	Ducati Motor Holding S.P.A.	RP	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
1311	ACTV	Quinton Cardiology Systems, Inc.	ME	Develops, manufactures, markets and service a family of diagnostic cardiology systems used in the diagnosis, treatment, and rehabilitation of patients
1312	ACTV	Delphi Financial Group, Inc.	IL	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
1313	ACTV	Desc Sa De Cv	MS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
1314	ACTV	Detwiler, Mitchell & Company	IV	Holding company with subsidiaries which service existing insurance and mutual fund products sold to banks and savings and loan institutions; Formerly 
1315	ACTV	D&B Corporation	BS	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
1316	ACTV	Prospect Street Income Shares, Inc.	MS	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
1317	ACTV	Enterra Energy Corporation	OO	Operates oil and gas companies that drills, acquires, operated and exploits crude oil and natural gas wells in its core areas in western canada. new r
1318	ACTV	Eastman Chemical Company	CC	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
1319	ACTV	Diversa Corporation	BD	The principle activities of the group is developing and applying proprietary technologies to discover and evolve novel genes and gene pathways from di
1320	ACTV	D&E Communications, Inc.	CU	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
1321	ACTV	Quidel Corporation	ME	The company develops, manufactures and markets rapid immunodiagnostic products for detection of human medical conditions and illness. the products pro
1322	ACTV	FLIR Systems, Inc.	AD	The company designs, manufactures and markets thermal imaging and broadcast camera systems worldwide for various applications in both government and c
1323	ACTV	Eaton Corporation	AP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of cyclical consumer goods     
1324	ACTV	Federated Department Stores, Inc.	DD	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
1325	ACTV	DAG Media, Inc.	PP	The principal activity of the company is publishing and distributing yellow page directories in print and on the worldwide web, both in the mainstream
1326	ACTV	Duponte E I De Nemours & Company	CC	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
1327	ACTV	EnergySouth, Inc.	NG	The company distributes and transports natural gas to residential, commercial and industrial customers in southwest alabama. the company's operations 
1328	ACTV	Daktronics, Inc.	AE	The company designs, manufactures and supplies a wide range of computer-programmable information display systems to customers in a variety of markets 
1329	ACTV	Dave & Busters, Inc.	RS	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
1330	ACTV	Network-1 Security Solutions, Inc.	CN	The company develops, markets, licenses and supports a family of network security software products. the products of the company are designed to provi
1331	ACTV	Quality Dining, Inc.	RS	The principal activities of the company is developing and operating both quick service and full service restaurants in 17 states. full service restaur
1332	ACTV	Diageo plc	BA	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
1333	ACTV	New Focus, Inc.	CE	The company designs, manufactures and markets innovative fiber optic products for next-generation optical networks under the brand smart optics for ne
1334	ACTV	Evans & Sutherland Computer Corporation	CP	The principal activities of the group are developing, manufacturing and marketing of hardware and software for visual systems that produce 3d (three-d
1335	ACTV	Evercel, Inc.	EI	The principal activities of the company are developing and manufacturing innovative, patented nickel zinc rechargeable batteries. the company's batter
1336	ACTV	CV Therapeutics, Inc.	BD	Thecompany is engaged in the discovery, development and commercialization of new small molecule drugs for the treatment of cardiovascular disease, the
1337	ACTV	EOG Resources, Inc.	OO	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different energy    
1338	ACTV	Florida Rock Industries, Inc.	RM	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of capita        
1339	ACTV	Edelbrock Corporation	AP	The principal business activity are to design, manufacture and distribute automotive and motorcycle aftermarket parts. the company's products include 
1340	ACTV	Diamond Hill Investment Group, Inc.	IV	Holding company with subsidiaries which purchase, sell, trade and market a diversified group of bank stocks; And provide investment advisory services 
1341	ACTV	Q-Med, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the group are development, manufacture and marketing advanced medical devices, systems and integrated cardiovascular manag
1342	ACTV	Dime Community Bancshares, Inc.	SB	The principal activities of the group consists of gathering deposits from customers within its market area, and investing these deposits, primarily in
1343	ACTV	Deb Shops, Inc.	RT	The principal activities of the company are women's specialty apparel retail stores and retail book stores. apparel division consists of coordinated s
1344	ACTV	dELiA*s Corporation	CT	The company is into the marketing of apparel, accessories and home furnishing and other goods and services through catalog, retail stores and web site
1345	ACTV	Exabyte Corporation	CD	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing and marketing of a full range of 8mm and mammoth tape (tm) tape drives and robotic 
1346	ACTV	Dynamic Materials Corporation	MF	The principal activities of the company are production and service of high energy explosive metalworking which includes the use of explosives to perfo
1347	ACTV	Great Lakes Aviation Limited	AR	The company is a regional air carrier, providing scheduled passenger and air freight services. the company provides passenger service to 57 destinatio
1348	ACTV	Ek Chor China Motorcycle Company Limited	RP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
1349	ACTV	Donegal Group, Inc.	IP	Holding company with subsidiaries which underwrite personal and commercial property and casualty coverages, consisting of private passenger and commer
1350	ACTV	deltathree, Inc.	CU	The principal activity of the group is the provision of internet protocol (ip) telephony services, which include the transmission of voice and data tr
1351	ACTV	QCR Holdings, Inc.	RB	Bank holding company with subsidiaries which perform commercial banking operations and other related financial activities; And offer deposit, trust, a
1352	ACTV	Dial Corporation	PH	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique non-cyclical consumer items      
1353	ACTV	Flowserve Corporation	MG	Owns and operates a bunch of different capital things        
1354	ACTV	DeRigo	BS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
1355	ACTV	Designs, Inc.	RT	The company is a retailer selling quality branded apparel and accessories made exclusively by levi strauss & company. the company operates a chain of 
1356	ACTV	Pharmos Corporation	BD	The company designs, develops, sells and markets bio-pharmaceutical products. drugs are developed for ophthalmic, central nervous system, neurological
1357	ACTV	Enersis S. A.	EU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the energy field      
1358	ACTV	Eott Energy Partners, L.P.	OO	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related items     
1359	ACTV	Doral Financial Corporation	RB	Holding company with subsidiaries which perform commercial banking operations, mortgage banking, investment banking services, insurance services and o
1360	ACTV	Deutsche Telekom AG	CU	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
1361	ACTV	Pyramid Breweries, Inc.	BA	The company brews, markets and sells craft beers and sodas. these products are sold under the brand names pyramid and thomas kemper. the company also 
1362	ACTV	Ethan Allen Interiors, Inc.	FF	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
1363	ACTV	DQE Capital Corporation	CF	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
1364	ACTV	Developers Diversified Realty Corporation	RE	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
1365	ACTV	Devry, Inc.	SC	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
1366	ACTV	Dynatronics Corporation	ME	The company designs, manufactures and sells medical and aesthetic products. the company also manufactures and sells treatment tables and rehabilitatio
1367	ACTV	Fluor Corporation	CV	The company performs a bunch of different capital stuff       
1368	ACTV	Dreyfus Strategic Municipals, Inc.	MS	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
1369	ACTV	DiamondCluster International, Inc.	BS	Performs management consulting services including devising business strategies enabled by information technology, and implementation of those strategi
1370	ACTV	Dice, Inc.	BS	Provides internet-based online services of career development resources to information technology (it) professionals; And formerly provided internet-b
1371	ACTV	Pulitzer, Inc.	PP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
1372	ACTV	Duquesne Capital, L.P.	MS	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
1373	ACTV	Excel Technology, Inc.	EI	The company designs, develops, manufactures and markets laser systems and electro-optical components for the science and medicine industries. the comp
1374	ACTV	eXcelon Corporation	CS	The principal activities of the group are the provision of software products and services that enable internet-based collaboration with partners, supp
1375	ACTV	EXE Technologies, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the company is to design, develop, market and support fulfillment, warehousing and distribution software for e-commerce and 
1376	ACTV	Cyberonics, Inc.	ME	The company designs, manufactures and markets implantable medical devices for the treatment of epilepsy and other debilitating neurological, psychiatr
1377	ACTV	Equity Oil Company	OO	The principal activities of the group are the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas. entire oil and gas produced are sold to unaffil
1378	ACTV	Everlast Worldwide, Inc.	AA	Designs, manufactures, markets and sells women and girls activewear and sportswear as well as unisex activewear and accessories.  
1379	ACTV	DutchFork Bancshares, Inc.	SB	The company is a federally chartered savings bank. the company accepts deposits from the general public and uses those funds to originate residential 
1380	ACTV	Digitale Telekabel AG	BC	Provides cable television and radio programming cable services to multifamily dwelling units in germany.     
1381	ACTV	Puget Energy, Inc.	EU	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
1382	ACTV	Grupo TMM, S.A. de C.V.	RR	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of transportation related products     
1383	ACTV	Fortress Group, Inc. (The)	CV	The principal activities of the group is to design, build and sell single family homes in the metropolitan areas surrounding a diversified group of ci
1384	ACTV	DVI, Inc.	CF	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
1385	ACTV	Dillards, Inc.	DD	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
1386	ACTV	Eastman Kodak Company	PG	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique and completely legal consumer a    
1387	ACTV	E*TRADE Group, Inc.	IV	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
1388	ACTV	Distribucion y Servicio	GR	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
1389	ACTV	Dobson Communications Corporation	CU	Provides diversified telecommunications products and rural cellular telephone services; And owns and operates regional fiberoptic transmission network
1390	ACTV	Exfo Electro-Optical Engineering	ST	Designs, manufactures and markets fiber-optic test, measurement and monitoring instruments for the telecommunications industry. new registrant.    
1391	ACTV	Programmer's Paradise, Inc.	SP	The company is an international marketer of software, targeting the software development professionals and information technology professionals within
1392	ACTV	Eagle Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The bank is a community bank which provides full commercial banking services to its business and professional clients and services to individuals livi
1393	ACTV	Dollar General Corporation	RL	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
1394	ACTV	Extended Systems, Inc.	CP	The group designs, manufactures, sells and serves mobile information management products. these products increase the efficiency of mobile computing a
1395	ACTV	Extensity, Inc.	SP	The company designs and develops internet-based software applications that automate expense reporting, travel management, indirect procrument and proj
1396	ACTV	PFSweb, Inc.	BS	The company provides transaction management services for traditional commerce and electronic commerce companies. the company provides order management
1397	ACTV	Espirito Santo Overseas Limited	OW	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of energy related goods      
1398	ACTV	Fuel-Tech, N.V.	MG	Holding company with subsidiaries which develop and license air pollution control processes, including the reduction of oxides of nitrogen from flue g
1399	ACTV	East Penn Bank	RB	The company''s principal activity is the provision of banking services. the company''s deposit services include checking accounts, savings accounts, b
1400	ACTV	Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc.	RB	The company is a multi-bank holding company providing full banking services to central, middle peninsula and northern neck regions of virginia through
1401	ACTV	Procom Technology, Inc.	CD	The company designs and provides network data storage and access appliances. the company currently offers two broad categories of products: nas applia
1402	ACTV	Eaton Vance Corporation	IV	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
1403	ACTV	Extreme Networks, Inc.	CE	The principal activity of the group is the provision network solutions and infrastructure equipment for business applications and services. the networ
1404	ACTV	Ezenia!, Inc.	CP	The principal activities of the group are design, development, manufacture, marketing and sale of real-time solutions for corporate networks and ebusi
1405	ACTV	F5 Networks, Inc.	CN	The principal activities of the group are developing, marketing and supporting cost-effective, integrated internet traffic and content management solu
1406	ACTV	El Paso Energy Partners, L.P.	OO	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related items     
1407	ACTV	General Dynamics Corporation	AD	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied capital things    
1408	ACTV	Freeport Momoran Copper & Gold, Inc.	MM	Owns and operates a bunch of different things        
1409	ACTV	ECB Bancorp, Inc.	RB	A one bank holding company operating through its wholly owned subsidiary, east carolina bank. the bank provides general, community-oriented commercial
1410	ACTV	Factual Data Corporation	CS	The group provides information services to mortgage and consumer lending industries, employers, landlords and other business customers. the company de
1411	ACTV	PrivateBancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
1412	ACTV	Dollar Thrifty Automotive Group, Inc.	RN	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
1413	ACTV	Dollar Tree Stores, Inc.	DD	The principal activity of the company is the operation of discount variety stores which offer merchandise at a fixed price of $1.00. the merchandise i
1414	ACTV	FalconStor Software, Inc.	SP	Provides storage networking infrastructure software which companies use to capture and manipulate the expanding volume of enterprise data and existing
1415	ACTV	FARO Technologies, Inc.	ST	The company develops, manufactures, markets and supports computer aided design products and inspection and statistical process control software. the p
1416	ACTV	Petro-Canada	OI	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
1417	ACTV	Dole Food Company, Inc.	FP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of non-cyclical consumer goods       
1418	ACTV	Donnelley Corporation	AE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
1419	ACTV	FASTNET Corporation	CS	The company provides internet access and enhanced services to small and medium sized enterprises through regional customer facilities primarily in the
1420	ACTV	FEI Company	SM	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing, marketing and serving of charged particle beam systems. products include transmiss
1421	ACTV	Primus Telecommunications Group, Inc.	CU	The principal activity of the group is the provision of international and domestic internet, data and voice services to business and residential retai
1422	ACTV	Guangshen Railway Company Limited	RR	A holding company that manages a multitude of transportation related products     
1423	ACTV	Genus, Inc.	MG	The group designs, develops, manufactures, markets and services equipment and processes used in the manufacturing of advanced semi conductors. the com
1424	ACTV	JLM Industries, Inc.	CM	The principle activities of the company are manufacturing, marketing and distributing commodity chemicals, principally acetone and phenol. the company
1425	ACTV	eChapman, Inc.	IV	Holding company with subsidiaries which offer full-service securities brokerage and investment banking services and acts as a registered investment ad
1426	ACTV	Energy Conversion Devices, Inc.	EI	Develops alternative energy technologies and products, including batteries and solar cells; Develops flat panel displays and electronic image processi
1427	ACTV	Whitman Corporation	CO	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique items        
1428	ACTV	EDF London Capital, L.P.	MS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
1429	ACTV	DoubleClick, Inc.	AE	The company provides the infrastructure that makes marketing work in the digital world. the three segments of the company are: (i)media which consists
1430	ACTV	Fibercore, Inc	CE	The company develops, manufactures and markets single mode and multi mode optical fiber and optical fiber preforms for the telecommunications and data
1431	ACTV	PRG-Schultz International, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the group are: accounts payable services: uses proprietary technology, audit techniques and methodologies. the company's t
1432	ACTV	Featherlite, Inc.	AM	The company manufactures and sells various types of speciality trailers and luxury motorcoaches as well as related parts, accessories and services. sp
1433	ACTV	E-Loan, Inc.	CF	The principal activities of the company are the provision of first and second mortgage loans, auto loans home equity loans, small business loans, and 
1434	ACTV	Fiberstars, Inc.	EI	The company develops and markets fiber optic lighting systems which are used in a variety of commercial and residential applications. the company's li
1435	ACTV	FileNet Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the group are developing, marketing and service eprocess enabled web content management software solutions and packaged eb
1436	ACTV	Darden Restaurants, Inc.	RS	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
1437	ACTV	DSG International Limited	PH	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
1438	ACTV	Gibraltar Steel Corporation	CX	The principal activities of the company is to process steel and other metal products.the company operates in four segments. the building and construct
1439	ACTV	JPS Industries, Inc.	CK	The principal activity of the group is the manufacturing of extruded urethanes, polypropylenes and mechanically formed glass substrates for specialty 
1440	ACTV	EMC Insurance Group, Inc.	IP	The principal activities of the company include operations in multiple-line property and casualty insurance and reinsurance. the company is approximat
1441	ACTV	Pre-Paid Legal Services, Inc.	PS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
1442	ACTV	Entergy Corporation	EU	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
1443	ACTV	Equitable Bank	RB	The company provides consumer and commercial banking services by accepting deposits and lending loans. deposits are both short term and long term whic
1444	ACTV	Equitex, Inc.	CF	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
1445	ACTV	Findwhat.com	CS	The principal activities of the company are develop and market of performance-based advertising services for the internet. the companyoffers broadly t
1446	ACTV	Epcos AG	EI	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
1447	ACTV	Ford Motor Company	AM	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied cyclical consumer things   
1448	ACTV	Glamis Gold Limited	GS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
1449	ACTV	Equus II, Inc.	IV	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
1450	ACTV	Finisar Corporation	CE	The company manufactures and markets fiber optic subsystems and network performance test systems which enable high-speed data communications over giga
1451	ACTV	Powergen plc	EU	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of energy related th    
1452	ACTV	Goodrich Coporation	AD	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of really big items    
1453	ACTV	Erie Indemnity Company	IP	The company provides administrative and underwriting services to insurance exchanges. the company also provides property/casualty insurance business t
1454	ACTV	FirePond, Inc.	SP	Provides comprehensive selling and online customer assistance solutions that help companies more profitably acquire and retain customers.  
1455	ACTV	Firetector. Inc.	CE	The company designs, manufactures, markets and services a variety of data communications product and systems. these products are applied in the fire a
1456	ACTV	PennFed Financial Services, Inc.	SB	The company provides financial services through 20 branch offices located in selected areas of central and southern new jersey. the company attracts d
1457	ACTV	Ecolab, Inc.	PH	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
1458	ACTV	First Data Corporation	CS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
1459	ACTV	First Virtual Communications, Inc.	CN	Provides high quality, cost-effective video networking solutions which integrate video with voice and data over existing and next generation internet 
1460	ACTV	Firstwave Technologies, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the company are internet-based customer relationship management (ecrm) applications. the company sells and supports three 
1461	ACTV	Potomac Electric Power Company	EU	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
1462	ACTV	Hawaiian Airlines, Inc	AR	Owns and operates a ton of things all related to transportation        
1463	ACTV	Forward Industries, Inc.	AA	The company designs, manufactures and markets custom designed soft-sided carrying cases made from leather, nylon, vinyl and other synthetic fabrics th
1464	ACTV	Glatfelter	PA	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
1465	ACTV	Dover Motorsports, Inc.	RA	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
1466	ACTV	Equinix, Inc.	CU	The group''s principal activities are designing, building and operating neutral internet business exchange centers (ibx) for internet businesses. thes
1467	ACTV	Graco, Inc.	MG	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique capital goods    
1468	ACTV	Galen Holdings plc	BD	Develops, manufactures and supplies branded prescription pharmaceutical products in the uk, ireland and the united states.     
1469	ACTV	Fiserv, Inc.	CS	The company provides technology solutions to the financial service providers, including banks, credit unions, securities processing organizations, ins
1470	ACTV	FLAG Telecom Holdings Limited	CE	Holding company with subsidiaries which develop and offer a broad range of innovative telecommunications products and services to licensed internet ca
1471	ACTV	Pocahontas Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company is a bank holding company which provides services of savings bank through pocahontas federal savings & loan association and other subsidia
1472	ACTV	Flextronics International Limited	SM	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
1473	ACTV	Focus Enhancements, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the company is to develop, manufacture, market and sale of computer enhancement devices for personal computers and televisio
1474	ACTV	Formula Systems	SP	Holding company with subsidiaries which develop and market proprietary software products for sale in international markets; And provide software consu
1475	ACTV	Foundry Networks, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the company are designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing a comprehensive, end-to-end suite of high performance n
1476	ACTV	Datastream Systems, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the group is to provide provision of internet-based solutions, for asset maintenance and industrial procurement. it also pro
1477	ACTV	Fossil, Inc.	JS	The principal activities of the group are designing, development, marketing and distribution of fashion watches and accessories. the products are sold
1478	ACTV	Goldcorp, Inc.	GS	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
1479	ACTV	DOV Pharmaceutical, Inc.	BD	Develops and commercialize novel drug candidates for central nervous system, cardiovascular and urological disorders, addressing therapeutic indicatio
1480	ACTV	Dow Jones & Company, Inc.	PP	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
1481	ACTV	PMR Corporation	HF	The company develops and manages specialized mental health care programs and disease management services for individuals who have been diagnosed with 
1482	ACTV	Elizabeth Arden, Inc.	PH	Manufactures, markets and distributes prestige fragrances and cosmetic products including perfume, cologne, ear de toilette, body spray, men's cologne
1483	ACTV	Grainger W. W., Inc.	MG	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of really big things        
1484	ACTV	ESG Real Estate Limited	IM	Esg re limited provides accident, health, life, disability and related special risk reinsurance to insurance industries. during the year 1998, the com
1485	ACTV	DriverShield Corporation	BS	Offers internet technology solutions to build employee and customer loyalty through membership programs, which consist of administration of vehicle re
1486	ACTV	Equity Inns, Inc.	RE	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
1487	ACTV	Graphic Packaging Corporation	CK	Owns and operates a bunch of different things        
1488	ACTV	Espirito Santo Financial Group S.A.	RB	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
1489	ACTV	Franklin Electric Company, Inc.	EI	The company operates in two segments, the motor segment and the electronic controls segment. the motor segment designs, manufactures and distributes e
1490	ACTV	FreeMarkets, Inc.	CS	The principal activity of the group is the creation of business-to-business online auctions for buyers of industrial parts, raw materials, commodities
1491	ACTV	Planet Zanett, Inc.	CS	The company provides financial, managerial and business plan consulting services to concept-stage and development-stage technology companies. the comp
1492	ACTV	Fotoball USA, Inc.	RP	The principal activities of the group is to design, develop, manufacture and market custom sports and non-sports related products. the custom designed
1493	ACTV	Euronet Worldwide, Inc.	CF	The principal activities of the company is to provide secure electronic financial transaction solutions. the electronic payment solutions consists of 
1494	ACTV	DSL.net, Inc.	CU	The company provides dedicated high-speed digital communications and internet access and related services using digital subscriber line (dsl) technolo
1495	ACTV	Frisco Bay Industries Limited	OE	Designs, develops and markets efficiency enhancing integrated systems and services, such as financial transaction processing systems, computerized tim
1496	ACTV	Penn National Gaming, Inc.	CG	The principal activity of the group is the operation of gaming facilities such as pari-mutuel wagering opportunities on live and simulcast thoroughbre
1497	ACTV	Granite Construction, Inc.	CV	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of capita        
1498	ACTV	Draxis Health, Inc.	BD	Develops, manufactures and markets diagnostic and therapeutic products for use in nuclear medicine and oncology; Responsible for overseeing clinical t
1499	ACTV	Evans Bancorp, Inc.	RB	A bank holding company which provides commercial banking services through its wholly owned subsidiary evans national bank. the company attracts deposi
1500	ACTV	Frontline Communications Corporation	CS	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
1501	ACTV	Pixelworks, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group includes designing, developing and marketing semi-conductor and software that can be used to enable visual displ
1502	ACTV	Heartland Express, Inc.	TR	The company is a short to medium haul, irregular route, truckload carrier of general commodities. the company provides nationwide transportation servi
1503	ACTV	eMerge Interactive, Inc.	FL	Provides business-to-business electronic commerce offering content, community and transaction services to create an online market for the cattle indus
1504	ACTV	Kaydon Corporation	MF	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
1505	ACTV	Dyax Corporation	BD	The company develops, manufactures and licenses technologies used in pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical industries. these technologies are developed
1506	ACTV	ESB Financial Corporation	SB	The principal activities of the group are providing a wide range of retail and commercial financial products and services to customers in western penn
1507	ACTV	Fountain Powerboat Industries, Inc.	RP	The company designs, manufactures and sells offshore sport boats, sport cruisers, sport fishing boats and sport yachts. the products are intended for 
1508	ACTV	Genaissance Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The group develops technology for applying population genomics and informatics to improve the development, marketing and prescribing of drugs. the gro
1509	ACTV	Duane Reade, Inc.	DR	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
1510	ACTV	FSI International, Inc.	SM	Designs, develops, manufactures, markets and supports microlithography, surface conditioning and chemical management equipment used in the fabrication
1511	ACTV	Pittsburgh Financial Corporation	SB	Pittsburgh financial corp. (formerly known as pittsburgh home financial corp.) is a community oriented financial insitution operating through its whol
1512	ACTV	Griffon Corporation	CX	Owns and operates a bunch of different capital things        
1513	ACTV	Duckwall-Alco Stores, Inc.	DD	The principal activity of the company is retailing general merchandise throughout the midwestern and south central regions of the united states throug
1514	ACTV	FuelCell Energy, Inc.	EI	The principal activity of the company is to develop electrochemical technologies for electric power generation. the company develops carbonate fuel ce
1515	ACTV	Fujitsu	CH	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
1516	ACTV	OSI Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are discovering and developing novel, small-molecule pharmaceutical products for commercialization by the pharma
1517	ACTV	Fuji Photo Film Company Limited	PG	Manufactures and sells photographic products, including cameras, film imaging systems and related accessories.  
1518	ACTV	Kentucky Electric Steel, Inc.	IS	The company kentucky electric steel, inc. operates a steel mini-mill manufacturing special bar quality alloy and carbon steel bar flat. the company re
1519	ACTV	Duke Realty Investments, Inc.	RE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
1520	ACTV	Fujitsu-Siemens	CH	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
1521	ACTV	Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc.	RB	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
1522	ACTV	Ennis Business Forms, Inc.	OS	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
1523	ACTV	Duratek, Inc.	WM	Implements and provides technologies and services, which are related to managing and treating radioactive waste and other hazardous waste.  
1524	ACTV	Dynex Capital, Inc.	RE	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
1525	ACTV	Futuremedia Public Limited Company	SM	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide internet and intranet learning and communications solutions to businesses worldwide, including learnin
1526	ACTV	Exchange National Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activity of the group is the provision of banking services to individual and corporate customers. the services provided by the group inc
1527	ACTV	GSI Lumonics, Inc.	MG	Designs, develops, manufactures and markets laser-based advanced manufacturing systems for semiconductor, electronics, aerospace and automotive indust
1528	ACTV	Kimberly Clark Corporation	PA	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
1529	ACTV	E. W. Scripps Company	PP	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
1530	ACTV	Gadzoox Networks, Inc.	CN	The company designs, develops and markets hardware and software products that enable the creation of networks made up computers and data storage devic
1531	ACTV	Phelps Dodge Corporation	MM	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
1532	ACTV	Gemstar-TV Guide International, Inc.	AV	The principal activity of the company is development, marketing and licensing of proprietary technologies and systems. the technology and licensing se
1533	ACTV	Eagle Food Centers, Inc.	GR	The company operates a regional supermarket chain offering a full line of groceries, meats, fresh produce, dairy products, bakery products, health and
1534	ACTV	Eastgroup Properties, Inc.	RE	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
1535	ACTV	Garmin Limited	CE	Provides world wide navigation, communications and information devices, most of which are enabled by global positioning system (gps) technology, gps i
1536	ACTV	Engage, Inc.	AE	Provides profile-driven internet marketing software products and services which enable web publishers, advertisers and merchants to target and deliver
1537	ACTV	Hub Group, Inc.	MT	Provides consolidated transportation services of freight over long distances in containers and trailers, or in trucks.   
1538	ACTV	Gateway, Inc.	CH	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
1539	ACTV	General Binding Corporation	OE	Designs, manufactures and distributes business machines and related supplies, including system applications in the area of binding, laminating, shredd
1540	ACTV	General Magic, Inc.	CE	The company enables businesses to rapidly and efficiently develop and deploy voice applications delivering mobile access to enterprise, internet and t
1541	ACTV	PharmChem, Inc.	HF	The principal activity of the company is to provide integrated drug testing services primarily by urinalysis in order to detect and deter the use of i
1542	ACTV	Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc.	CX	The principle activity of the group is the fabrication of offshore drilling and production platforms and other specialized structures. structures incl
1543	ACTV	Genesis Microchip, Inc.	SM	Designs, develops and markets sophisticated, real-time, cost-effective, high-quality digital image manipulation integrated circuit solutions.     
1544	ACTV	Genlyte Group Incorporated (The)	EI	The principal activities of the company is designing, manufacturing and selling of lighting fixtures and controls for a wide variety of applications i
1545	ACTV	Gerber Scientific, Inc.	CP	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
1546	ACTV	Exponent, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the company are providing solutions to complex problems. the multidisciplinary team of scientists, physicians, engineers a
1547	ACTV	Estee Lauder Companies, Inc.	PH	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things     
1548	ACTV	General Motors Corporation	AM	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique cyclical consumer items   
1549	ACTV	Everest Reinsurance Group Limited	IP	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
1550	ACTV	Giga-tronics, Inc.	EI	The company designs, manufactures and markets a broad line of test and measurement equipment. these equipments are used in the development, test and m
1551	ACTV	Pharmaceutical Resources, Inc.	BD	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied health care things     
1552	ACTV	Exco Resources, Inc.	OO	The group develops, exploits and acquires interest in producing oil and gas properties located in continental united states. the company also acts as 
1553	ACTV	EverTrust Financial Group, Inc.	RB	A state chartered commercial bank attracts deposits from the general public and uses the same in origination of loans. the company operates through 12
1554	ACTV	McDATA Corporation	CE	The company designs, develops, manufactures and sells open storage networking solutions and provides highly available, scalable and centrally managed 
1555	ACTV	Gilat Satellite Networks Limited	CE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
1556	ACTV	Orlando Predators Entertainment, Inc. (The)	RA	Owns and operates the orlando predators football team.        
1557	ACTV	Hanson	RM	The company performs a bunch of different capital stuff       
1558	ACTV	F & M Bancorp	RB	The company through its wholly owned subsidiaries provides banking and bank-related financial services to middle market and small business organizatio
1559	ACTV	Glenayre Technologies, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the group consists of communication solutions for mobile and active subscribers. the company designs, manufactures, market
1560	ACTV	Global Sources Limited	CS	The company (formerly known as first sunrise, inc.) provides strategic staffing solutions, employee placement and executive search as well as marketin
1561	ACTV	Personnel Group of America, Inc.	BS	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
1562	ACTV	Gentex Corporation	AP	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing of proprietary electro-optical products: automatic rear v
1563	ACTV	F.N.B. Corporation	CF	The principal activities of the group are the provision of financial services through full-service commercial banking, including commercial and indivi
1564	ACTV	GlobeSpan Virata, Inc.	SM	Provides advanced integrated circuits that enable broadband digital communications to homes and business enterprises; And offers a broad suite of chip
1565	ACTV	Gray Communications Systems, Inc.	CE	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
1566	ACTV	Fairchild Corporation	AD	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of really big items    
1567	ACTV	Farmer Brothers Company	FP	The principal activities of the group are roasting, packing and distributing coffee and allied products. the customers include restaurants, hotels, ho
1568	ACTV	Exploration Company	OO	The principal activities of the company is exploring, developing and producing oil, natural gas and minerals. the operations of the company are conduc
1569	ACTV	Koor Industries	CM	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
1570	ACTV	Fahnestock Viner Holdings, Inc.	IV	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
1571	ACTV	Perot Systems Corporation	CS	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
1572	ACTV	US Industries, Inc.	CO	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different things    
1573	ACTV	Dynacare, Inc.	ME	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide clinical laboratory services.     
1574	ACTV	Fannie Mae	CF	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
1575	ACTV	Fast Ottenburg, Inc.	CF	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
1576	ACTV	Evolving Systems, Inc.	SP	The company designs, develops and markets selected software solutions and services to telecommunication companies in relation to their operational sup
1577	ACTV	International Shipholding Corporation	WT	The company performs a bunch of different transportation related stuff    
1578	ACTV	Gerber Childrenswear, Inc.	AA	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of cyclical consumer goods     
1579	ACTV	EDAP TMS S.A.	ME	The principal activity is the development, production, marketing and distribution of a portfolio of minimally-invasive medical devices for the treatme
1580	ACTV	Fauquier Bankshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group include provision of consumer and commercial banking services to individuals, businesses and industries through 
1581	ACTV	Pericom Semiconductor Corporation	SM	The principal activities of the group are the design, manufacture and marketing of high performance digital, analog and mixed-signal integrated circui
1582	ACTV	Entergy Gulf States, Inc	EU	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
1583	ACTV	Great Lakes Chemical Corporation	CM	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
1584	ACTV	Elan Corporation plc	BD	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique health care related items       
1585	ACTV	FBL Financial Group Inc.	IL	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
1586	ACTV	Family Dollars Stores, Inc.	RL	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
1587	ACTV	Flowers Industries, Inc.	FP	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
1588	ACTV	Exxon Mobil Corporation	OI	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy     
1589	ACTV	Federal National Mortgage	CF	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
1590	ACTV	GSI Commerce, Inc.	CS	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
1591	ACTV	Peregrine Systems, Inc.	CS	The company is a provider of software and services. the company offers software products, services, and enabling technologies that permit businesses t
1592	ACTV	Gildan Activewear, Inc.	AA	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
1593	ACTV	Elbit Medical Imaging Limited	ME	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of health care related products       
1594	ACTV	Federal Trust Corporation	RB	The company is a bank holding company which operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, federal trust bank. the bank attracts funds in the form of d
1595	ACTV	GTSI Corporation	CH	The principal activities of the company are distribution of microcomputer and unix workstation hardware, software and networking products to the feder
1596	ACTV	Ontrack Data International, Inc.	CS	The company provides data recovery services to wide range of customers who suffer loss of valuable computer data. the company is capable of recovering
1597	ACTV	Great Northern Iron Ore Properties	MM	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
1598	ACTV	Eli Lilly and Company	MD	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to health care       
1599	ACTV	Federated Investors, Inc.	MS	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
1600	ACTV	Eateries, Inc.	RS	The company operates and franchises a chain of restaurants. the company and its subsidiaries operate and franchise restaurants under the names: garfie
1601	ACTV	PeoplePC, Inc.	CS	The company provides a membership package that includes a brand-name computer, unlimited internet access, customer support and an in-home warranty. th
1602	ACTV	Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation	CF	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
1603	ACTV	eBay, Inc.	RL	The principal activities of the group are to provide personal online trading to a web-based community and offline traditional auction services. in a w
1604	ACTV	eBenX, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the group are the provision of business-to-business e-commerce solutions to employers and health plans for the procurement
1605	ACTV	MCK Communications, Inc.	CE	The company manufactures, develops and markets remote voice products. the products of the company enables enterprises to extend the functionality and 
1606	ACTV	Fargo Electronics, Inc.	MG	The company designs, manufactures and supplies printers used for plastic card personalization and data encoding. the company also sells consumable sup
1607	ACTV	Fomento Economico Mexicano S.A.	BN	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique non-cyclical consumer items      
1608	ACTV	Forest Oil Corporation	OO	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different energy related things      
1609	ACTV	Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company	TI	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
1610	ACTV	Greif Bros. Corporation	CK	The principal activities of the group are to manufacture industrial shipping containers and containerboard and corrugated products which it sells to c
1611	ACTV	Pennichuck Corporation	WU	The principal activities of the group are collecting, storing, treatment, distributing and selling of potable water throughout southern and central ne
1612	ACTV	Elron Electronic Industries Limited	ME	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different health care things        
1613	ACTV	Embrex, Inc.	BD	The company develops & mkts biological prods & biological delivery technology to increase the productivity & profitability of the global poultry indus
1614	ACTV	FFD Financial Corporation	SB	The principal activities of the company are attracting deposits from the general public and utilising those funds to the origination of loans for resi
1615	ACTV	FFW Corporation	SB	The company is a federally chartered savings bank providing retail deposits & loans through its subsidiaries, first federal savings bank of wabash & f
1616	ACTV	Omtool Limited	SP	The principal activities of the company is designing developing, marketing and supporting open, client/server software solutions that enable secure bu
1617	ACTV	Iron Mountain, Inc.	MT	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied transportation things    
1618	ACTV	Grand Toys International, Inc.	RP	Holding company with subsidiaries which import and distribute variety of toys; And distribute various accessories including backpacks, duffels, handba
1619	ACTV	Emisphere Technologies, Inc.	BD	The group is a biopharmaceutical company specialized in the oral delivery of therapeutic macromolecular and other components that are not currently de
1620	ACTV	Fidelity Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The company is a federally chartered savings & loan holding company which operates through its subsidiary fidelity federal savings bank. the company c
1621	ACTV	Penn-America Group, Inc.	IP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
1622	ACTV	Grupo IMSA S.A.	IS	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
1623	ACTV	Ebookers plc	PS	Provides online travel products and services, including negotiated discount airfares with airlines, and discounts hotels worldwide. new registrant.  
1624	ACTV	EchoStar Communications Corporation	BC	Holding company with subsidiaries which offer channels of digital video and cd-quality audio programming, inluding hardware, installation, financing a
1625	ACTV	Ectel Limited	CU	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
1626	ACTV	Fiat S.P.A.	AM	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
1627	ACTV	GeoResources, Inc.	OO	The company explores, develops and produces oil and gas and mines leonardite (oxidized lignite coal). the company manufactures leonardite based produc
1628	ACTV	Enchira Biotechnology Corporation	BD	The company is developing high throughput in vitro dna recombination technologies to accelerate development of improved proteins for pharmaceuticals, 
1629	ACTV	Fidelity Bankshares, Inc.	SB	The principal activities of the company is to collect deposits from the public and invests those deposits along with other sources of funds, in loans 
1630	ACTV	EDGAR Online, Inc.	BS	The principle activities of the company is to provide business, financial and competitive information about public companies through internet. the com
1631	ACTV	Penn Octane Corporation	OO	The company is involved in the purchase, transportation and sale of liquefied petroleum gas (lpg). the company sells lpg primarily to p.m.i. trading l
1632	ACTV	Food Technology Service, Inc.	CR	The company owns and operates an irradiation facility located in mulberry and florida that uses gamma radiation produced by cobalt 60 to treat and pro
1633	ACTV	Encore Medical Corporation	ME	The company designs, manufactures, markets and sells products for the orthopedic implant industry primarily in the united states, europe, and asia. th
1634	ACTV	Fidelity Federal Bancorp	SB	A savings and loan holding company obtains funds in the form of savings deposits and other borrowings and investing such funds in consumer loans, mult
1635	ACTV	Education Management Corporation	SC	The company is the provider of proprietary postsecondary education in the united states. through its operating units, primarily the art institutes, th
1636	ACTV	F.A.O., Inc.	RL	Owns and operates renowned children's toy retailer fao schwarz, the right start, a national specialty retailer of high-quality developmental, educatio
1637	ACTV	Grupo Vitro	CK	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
1638	ACTV	Endo Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc.	BD	Holding company with subsidiaries which research, develop, sale and maket branded and generic prescription pharmaceuticals that are used primarily to 
1639	ACTV	Fidelity National Financial, Inc.	IP	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
1640	ACTV	H Power Corporation	EI	The principal activity of the company is to design, develop, market and manufacture proton-exchange membrane fuel cells and fuel cell systems. the fue
1641	ACTV	Peet's Coffee & Tea, Inc.	FP	Sells coffee, tea and related merchandise through retail stores, online and mail order and other distribution channels.  
1642	ACTV	Fifth Third Bancorp	RB	The company through its subsidiaries is into commercial, retail and trust banking, data processing services, investment advisory services and leasing 
1643	ACTV	Educational Development Corporation	PP	The company distributes books and publications to book, toy and gift stores, libraries and home educators. the books are produced in united kingdom by
1644	ACTV	Elamex S.A. de C.V.	BS	Performs contract manufacturing services for circuit boards and other electronic assemblies for original equipment manufacturers.  
1645	ACTV	Handspring, Inc.	CH	The principal activity of the company is to provide handheld computers. the products of the company include visor handheld computers and springboard m
1646	ACTV	First Banks, Inc.	RB	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
1647	ACTV	H. B. Fuller Company	CM	The group is a international manufacturer of specialty chemical products which include the formulation, compounding and marketing of adhesives, sealan
1648	ACTV	Endocare, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the group are the developing, manufacturing and marketing of an array of innovative, temperature based surgical devices an
1649	ACTV	Elder-Beerman Stores Corporation	DD	The company operates department stores that sell a wide range of moderate to better branded merchandise, including women's, men's and children's appar
1650	ACTV	Harmonic, Inc.	CE	The company designs, manufactures and markets digital and fiber optic systems for delivering video, voice and data services over cable, satellite, tel
1651	ACTV	Peerless Systems Corporation	SP	The company develops and licenses software- based embedded imaging and networking systems and supporting electronic technologies and provides custom e
1652	ACTV	J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc.	TR	The principal activities of the group consist of transportation services and provision of a wide range of logistics and transportation services to a d
1653	ACTV	Endologix, Inc.	ME	The company manufactures catheters for use in the treatment of vascular diseases. rdx catheter is the primary product under development. these cathete
1654	ACTV	Electro Rent Corporation	RN	The principal activities of the group are the rental, lease and sale of state-of-the-art electronic equipment. the company maintains an equipment port
1655	ACTV	Electronics Boutique Holdings Corporation	TH	The principal activity of the group is specialty retailing of electronic games. the company sells video games and pc entertainment software, supported
1656	ACTV	Omega Protein Corporation	FL	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
1657	ACTV	Harsco Corporation	MG	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied capital things       
1658	ACTV	Enzo Biochem, Inc.	BD	The company performs a bunch of different health care related stuff      
1659	ACTV	Financial Industries Corporation	IL	The company is a holding company operating through its insurance subsidiaries. the subsidiaries are family life insurance, a wholly owned subsidiary a
1660	ACTV	Elmer's Restaurants, Inc.	RS	The company operates full-service family oriented restaurants. the company operates under the names elmer's pancake and steak house, elmer's. breakfas
1661	ACTV	PECO II, Inc.	CE	The company designs, manufactures and markets communications power systems and equipment to communication industry. the products include power systems
1662	ACTV	Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited	GS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
1663	ACTV	Financial Institutions, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group are providing consumer, commercial and agricultural banking services the bank is a holding company which operate
1664	ACTV	Eloquent, Inc.	BS	The company develops and provides rich media solutions for the purpose of effective business communication. rich media is the combination of audio, vi
1665	ACTV	eLoyalty Corporation	BS	The principal activity of the group is providing enterprises-wide solutions across the internet, e-mail, web-chat, telephone and fax that are designed
1666	ACTV	Fisher Scientific International, Inc.	ST	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
1667	ACTV	Equitable Resources, Inc.	NG	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of energy related th    
1668	ACTV	Enzon, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are the development, manufacture and marketing of enhanced therapeutics for life-threatening diseases through th
1669	ACTV	Financial Security Assurance Holdings Limited	IL	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
1670	ACTV	Elxsi Corporation	RS	The principal activities of the company are restaurant operations and sewer equipment manufacturing. restaurants segments consist of bickford's family
1671	ACTV	PDS Gaming Corporation	RN	Leases and finances gaming equipment, supplies reconditioned machine to casino operators such as slot machines, video gaming machines and surveillance
1672	ACTV	Herley Industries, Inc.	AD	The company is engaged in designing and manufacturing sophisticated rf, microwave and millimeter wave electronic components in the defense industry. t
1673	ACTV	EP MedSystems, Inc.	ME	The company develops, manufactures and markets a line of products for the cardiac electrophysiology market. these products are used to diagnose, monit
1674	ACTV	Finet.com, Inc.	CF	Holding company with subsidiary which provides residential mortgage financing services to home buyers and to home owners refinancing existing loans. 
1675	ACTV	Harvard Bioscience, Inc.	ST	The company develops, manufactures and markets innovative, research enabling tools used in drug discovery at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companie
1676	ACTV	Fila	FO	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied cyclical consumer things       
1677	ACTV	Hawkins, Inc.	CM	Distributes industrial chemicals; Repackages, manufactures and blends a broad range of specialty chemicals; And sells and services products and equipm
1678	ACTV	Finger Lakes Bancorp, Inc.	RB	Savings and loan holding company with subsidiary which performs savings bank operations and other related financial activities. new registrant.    
1679	ACTV	Embratel Participacoes S.A.	BS	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
1680	ACTV	Hathaway Corporation	EI	Hathaway corporation designs, manufactures and markets advanced electronic instrumentation and motion control products to power and process industries
1681	ACTV	PCD, Inc.	EI	The company designs, manufactures and markets electronic connectors to niche markets in the semiconductor, industrial equipment and avionics industrie
1682	ACTV	Epimmune, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company are designing and developing a new class of drugs for the treatment of acute and chronic inflammatory diseases
1683	ACTV	Financial Security Assurance Holdings	CF	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
1684	ACTV	Emmis Communications Corporation	BC	The principal activities of the company are radio broadcasting, television broadcasting and magazine publishing. the company owns twenty fm radio stat
1685	ACTV	Encompass Services Corporation	BS	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
1686	ACTV	Flexsteel Industries, Inc.	FF	The company designs, manufactures and sells upholstered furniture and seating products to the home, vehicle and commercial seating markets. the produc
1687	ACTV	Giant Industries, Inc.	OO	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
1688	ACTV	Holiday RV Superstores, Inc.	MH	The activities of the company are retail stores chain selling and providing service of recreation vehicles and recreation boats. the company operates 
1689	ACTV	Hecla Mining Company	GS	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
1690	ACTV	Epix Medical, Inc.	BD	The company develops targeted contrast agents to improve and expand the use of magnetic resonance imaging to diagnose human diseases. the company's pr
1691	ACTV	PayPal, Inc.	CS	Provides instant and secure online payment service, to individuals andbusinesses through the internet-based payment network. new registrant. 
1692	ACTV	Japan Air Lines Company Limited	AR	Engaged in air craft business.      
1693	ACTV	FirstEnergy Corporation	EU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related products   
1694	ACTV	Escalon Medical Corporation	ME	The company develops, manufactures and markets opthalmic medical devices and pharmaceutical products. the products of the company comprises of surgica
1695	ACTV	First American Corporation	IP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
1696	ACTV	Odetics, Inc.	CE	Provides communications equipment for the television broadcast, video security, telecommunications and intelligent transportation systems markets; Del
1697	ACTV	First Bancorp of Indiana, Inc.	SB	The company is a federally chartered savings bank operating through its wholly owned subsidiary, first federal savings bank. the bank operates through
1698	ACTV	First Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the company are providing community banking services to the customers. the company attracts deposits from the general publ
1699	ACTV	First BancTrust Corporation	RB	Savings and loan holding company with subsidiaries which perform savings and loan operations.      
1700	ACTV	Enesco Group, Inc.	CT	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
1701	ACTV	Patriot Bank Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group are the provision of financial services. the services of the company includes accepting deposits and lending com
1702	ACTV	Honeywell International, Inc.	AD	The principal activties of the group are the manufacturing of a number of different things   
1703	ACTV	Hercules, Inc.	CC	Owns and operates a bunch of different things        
1704	ACTV	Esperion Therapeutics, Inc.	BD	The company''s principal activities are to develop pharmaceutical products for the treatment of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, a disease of th
1705	ACTV	Entercom Communications Corporation	BC	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
1706	ACTV	Forbes Medi-Tech, Inc.	BD	Researches, develops and commercializes healthcare and pharmaceutical products derived from forest industry by-products, including steroidal compounds
1707	ACTV	Global Industries Limited	OW	The company provides construction services including pipeline construction, platform installation and removal, diving services and construction suppor
1708	ACTV	Envirogen, Inc.	WM	The company provides systems and services to remove pollutants from the air, water and soil. the company focuses on the isolation of naturally occurri
1709	ACTV	Envoy Communications Group, Inc.	AE	Provides integrated marketing communication services, including on andoff-line advertising, corporate identity, retail packages, environmental designs
1710	ACTV	Equant NV	CU	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
1711	ACTV	Party City Corporation	RL	The principal activities of the group are retail of party supplies stores within the continental united states and sale of franchises on an individual
1712	ACTV	United Technologies Corporation	CO	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
1713	ACTV	First Bell Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The principal activity of the group is the operation of a traditional customer oriented savings and loan association. the group attracts retail deposi
1714	ACTV	Equifax, Inc.	BS	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
1715	ACTV	HealthAxis, Inc.	SP	The company is a leading provider of software and application integration services that assists its clients in using the internet for health insurance
1716	ACTV	Oak Hill Financial, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the company is to offer services of commercial banking and other activities closely related to banking. the business is ca
1717	ACTV	Horton D.R., Inc.	CV	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique capital goods    
1718	ACTV	Highveld Steel and Vanadium Corporation Limited	MM	Owns and operates an integrated steelworks comprising an iron plant, a steel plant, a medium to heavy section rolling mill and a plate mill; Through s
1719	ACTV	Equity One, Inc.	RE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
1720	ACTV	Equity Residential	RE	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
1721	ACTV	PartnerRe Limited	IP	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
1722	ACTV	FPL Group, Inc.	EU	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of energy related stuff      
1723	ACTV	GlobalSanteFe Corporation	OW	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
1724	ACTV	eResearch Technology, Inc.	BS	Provides broad range of integrated product development services, including centralized diagnostic testing services, clinical trial and data management
1725	ACTV	HEI, Inc.	SM	Hei, inc. designs and manufactures ultraminiature microelectronic devices and high technology products incorporating these devices. the company's prod
1726	ACTV	Friedman Billings Ramsey	IV	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
1727	ACTV	Hughes Supply, Inc.	MG	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of really big things        
1728	ACTV	Highway Holdings Limited	MF	Holding company with subsidiaries which manufacture high quality metal parts, cameras and clocks for original equipment manufacturers, contract manufa
1729	ACTV	Exact Sciences Corporation	BD	The company''s principal activity is application of proprietary genomics technologies to the early detection of several types of common cancers. the c
1730	ACTV	EVCI Career Colleges, Inc.	SC	The company delivers educational courses and programs to employees of major corporations. these courses and programs are provided through interactive 
1731	ACTV	Parametric Technology Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the group are to develop, market, and support collaborative product commerce (cpc) software solutions. these software solu
1732	ACTV	Kirby Corporation	WT	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different transportation related thing    
1733	ACTV	Exactech, Inc.	ME	The company develops, manufactures, markets and sells orthopaedic implant devices and related surgical instrumentation to hospitals and physicians in 
1734	ACTV	Extended Stay America, Inc.	HM	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
1735	ACTV	Exult, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the group are to design, implement and manage comprehensive web-enabled human resources processes, generally under long-te
1736	ACTV	Florida East Coast Industries, Inc.	RR	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique transportation related items     
1737	ACTV	Ezcorp, Inc.	RL	Acquires, establishes and operates pawnshops which function as convenient sources of consumer credit and as value-oriented specialty retailers of prim
1738	ACTV	Factory 2-U Stores, Inc.	RT	The principal activities of the group are the operation of a chain of off-price retail apparel and houseware stores. the company operates 243 stores u
1739	ACTV	Helix Technology Corporation	ST	The company is a world leader in the development and application of innovative solutions in the field of vacuum technology. the global electronic comp
1740	ACTV	Hewlett-Packard Company	CH	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
1741	ACTV	Paradyne Networks, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the company are development, manufacturing and distributon of broadband network access products that enable high-speed con
1742	ACTV	GMX Resources, Inc.	OO	The company''s principal activities are the acquisition, exploration and development of properties for the production of crude oil and natural gas in 
1743	ACTV	Illinois Tool Works Inc.	MG	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of capita        
1744	ACTV	IMC Global, Inc.	CM	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
1745	ACTV	eXegenics, Inc.	BD	Researches and develops biopharmaceutical drug, specializing in therapeutic produts for human diseases with and emphasis on the treatment and preventi
1746	ACTV	Frisby Technologies, Inc.	MF	The company develops and markets innovative branded thermal management products for use in a broad range of consumer and industrial products. the comp
1747	ACTV	Exelixis, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are discovering and validation of high-quality novel targets for various major human diseases. the company also 
1748	ACTV	Fibermark, Inc.	BS	FiberMark, Inc. is a producer of specialty fiber-based materials for industries and consumer needs worldwide   
1749	ACTV	Fibernet Telecom Group, Inc.	CU	The company is an all-optical facilities-based communications provider. it is focused on providing wholesale broadband connectivity for data, voice an
1750	ACTV	Hexcel Corporation	EI	The company performs a bunch of different technological stuff         
1751	ACTV	PanAmSat Corporation	CU	Provides commercial satellite-based communications services through a global network of satellites.   
1752	ACTV	Georgia Power Company	EU	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy production a        
1753	ACTV	Express Scripts, Inc.	HF	Provides broad range of pharmacy benefit management services to health benefit plan sponsors including pharmacy network administration, drug utilizati
1754	ACTV	hi/fn, Inc.	SM	The company is a flow classification and network security specialist company supplying most major network equipment vendors with patented technology t
1755	ACTV	High Speed Access Corporation	CS	The principle activity of the group is to provide high speed internet access to residential and commercial customers primarily via cable modems. the c
1756	ACTV	North Pittsburgh Systems, Inc.	CU	The principal activities of the company include the provision of local network services, long distance and access services, directory advertising and 
1757	ACTV	Innovative Medical Services	MG	The principal activities of the company are manufacturing and distributing of water purifying, measuring and dispensing apparatus for pharmaceutical a
1758	ACTV	First Busey Corporation	RB	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
1759	ACTV	HNC Software, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are developing, marketing, licensing and supporting predictive software solutions for leading service industries
1760	ACTV	HPL Technologies, Inc.	SP	Provides yield-optimization software that enables semiconductor companies to enhance the efficiency of the semiconductor production process. new regis
1761	ACTV	Pactiv Corporation	CK	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
1762	ACTV	Goodrich Petroleum Corporation	OO	The principal activities of the company are oil and gas exploration, development, production and acquisition of oil and natural gas properties. the co
1763	ACTV	Extendicare, Inc.	HF	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied health care things     
1764	ACTV	First Capital, Inc.	SB	The company is a federally chartered bank operating in corydon, indiana. the bank operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, first federal bank. th
1765	ACTV	Hubbell, Inc.	EI	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
1766	ACTV	Gencorp, Inc.	AP	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
1767	ACTV	Gene Logic, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the group is providing of genomic information and bioinformatics related to gene activity in human disease and toxicity. thi
1768	ACTV	First Citizens Banc Corporation	RB	The company is a bank financial holding company which operates through three subsidiaries namely, the citizens banking company, the farmers state bank
1769	ACTV	Hummingbird, Ltd	SP	Designs, manufactures and markets communications software which enables computer users to access and display multiple applications running on differen
1770	ACTV	Hutchinson Technology, Inc.	CD	The principal activities of the group are the production, manufacturing and supply of suspension assemblies for hard disk drives. suspension assemblie
1771	ACTV	Packeteer, Inc.	CS	Provides application performance infrastructure systems designed to provide enterprises and service providers a layer of control for applications deli
1772	ACTV	Innovative Solutions and Support, Inc.	AD	Innovative solutions and support, inc., designs, manufactures and sells avionic electronic products used by various aviations market during the operat
1773	ACTV	First Citizens BancShares, Inc.	RB	The principal activity of the group is the provision of full banking services which includes transaction and savings deposits, commercial and consumer
1774	ACTV	Fidelity National Information Solutions, Inc.	RE	The company provides environmental risk and address based information to bankers, engineers, insurance companies and corporations. the company was reo
1775	ACTV	Finish Line, Inc. (The)	RT	The principal activity of the group is as specialty retailer of brand name athletic, outdoor and casual footwear, activewear and accessories that are 
1776	ACTV	Founders Food & Firkins Limited	RS	The group''s principal activity is to develop and operate casual dining restaurants featuring on-premise breweries. the group is developing these rest
1777	ACTV	Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc.	EU	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
1778	ACTV	Genelabs Technologies, Inc.	BD	The company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing pharmaceutical products. the company has a near term drug candidate a
1779	ACTV	First Colonial Group, Inc.	RB	The company is a one bank holding company of nazareth national bank and trust company. the company provides commercial and consumer banking and trust 
1780	ACTV	First Community Bancshares, Inc.	CF	The bank is a one-bank holding company that provides financial and trust services to individuals and commercial customers through 33 full service bank
1781	ACTV	PACCAR, Inc.	AM	The principal activities of the group are divided into two principal industry segments: manufacture of light-, medium- and heavy-duty trucks and relat
1782	ACTV	Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc.	CR	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of non-cyclical consumer goods       
1783	ACTV	GREKA Energy Corporation	OO	The group explores proven and producing oil and gas reservoirs. the company uses the horizontal drilling technology to increase production rates. the 
1784	ACTV	Genencor International, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the group is to discover, develop, manufacture and market biotechnology products for the industrial and consumer, agricultur
1785	ACTV	First Defiance Financial Corporation	CF	The principal activity of the group is a unitary thrift holding company operating through its subsidiaries: first federal bank of midwest, the leader 
1786	ACTV	General Cable Corporation	MF	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
1787	ACTV	Insignia Financial Group, Inc.	CV	Owns and operates a bunch of different capital things        
1788	ACTV	Genentech, Inc.	BD	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique health care related items       
1789	ACTV	First Federal Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The corporation is a bank holding company operating through its wholly-owned subsidiary, first federal savings bank of eastern ohio. the primary busin
1790	ACTV	Hydrogenics Corporation	ST	Provides industrial-grade proton-exchange membrane (pem) fuel cell automated test stations. new registrant.    
1791	ACTV	Oxford GlycoSciences plc	BD	The group's principal activities are the identification and discovery of novel products for the diagnosis and treatment of human diseases through prot
1792	ACTV	First Federal Bancshares of Arkansas, Inc.	SB	The company is a unitary holding company of first federal bank of arkansas, fa. the principal activity of the bank is to provide conventional first mo
1793	ACTV	Finlay Enterprises, Inc.	RL	The principal activities of the group are retailing of fine jewelry products and operating leased fine jewelry departments in department stores throug
1794	ACTV	Hypercom Corporation	CP	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
1795	ACTV	Hyperion Solutions Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the group are to develop, market and support client server multi-dimensional database software for business planning, anal
1796	ACTV	Newfield Exploration Company	OO	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of energy related goods      
1797	ACTV	First Federal Bancshares, Inc.	SB	The company is a community oriented financial institutions which serves the financial service needs of consumers and other businesses. the bank provid
1798	ACTV	First Cash Financial Services, Inc.	RL	The company is engaged in both consumer finance and retail sales activities. the company provides convenient source for consumer loans, lending money 
1799	ACTV	Hytek Microsystems, Inc.	SM	The company designs, manufactures and markets custom and standard hybrid microcircuits. thick film hybrid circuit technology is the company's primary 
1800	ACTV	I.D. Systems, Inc.	CE	The principal activity of the group is to design, develop and produce wireless monitoring and tracking solutions. the group utilizes radio frequency-b
1801	ACTV	Overstock.com, Inc.	BS	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
1802	ACTV	G. Willi-Food International Limited	FP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
1803	ACTV	Insituform East, Inc.	CV	Repairs and rehabilitates underground sewers and pipelines, including waste water, storm water, and industrial process pipelines, using a novel techno
1804	ACTV	First Federal Capital Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group are the provision of a wide range of financial services to individuals and businesses, attracting deposits from 
1805	ACTV	I2 Technologies, Inc.	SP	The main activity of the group is to provide e-business and marketplace software solutions. the solutions of the group are designed to help enterprise
1806	ACTV	Georgia Gulf Corporated	CC	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
1807	ACTV	Huaneng Power International, Inc.	EU	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
1808	ACTV	Genome Therapeutics Corporation	BD	Develops genomics-based drug discovery technologies which utilize pathogen functional genomics and bioinformatics capabilities to discover and charact
1809	ACTV	First Financial Bankshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group are the provision of commercial banking services which includes accepting and holding checking, savings and time
1810	ACTV	First Union Real Estate Equity & Mortgage Investor	RE	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
1811	ACTV	Orckit Communications Limited	CE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
1812	ACTV	First Financial Corporation Indiana	RB	The company is a multi-bank holding company which provides financial services through its nine subsidiaries. the services provided by the bank include
1813	ACTV	First Years, Inc. (The)	RL	The company designs, develops, markets and distributes basic accessory and related products for infants and toddlers. the company's product line consi
1814	ACTV	i3 Mobile, Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the company are to develop and distribute information services for mobile telephones and other wireless communications dev
1815	ACTV	Ibis Technology Corporation	SM	The group develops, manufactures and markets silicon-on-insulator (soi) wafers formed by simox ( separation by implantation of oxygen) technology. sim
1816	ACTV	New China Homes Limited	CV	Holding company with subsidiary which designs, develops, constructs, markets and sells spacious, high-quality, affordable homes in planned residential
1817	ACTV	Genomic Solutions, Inc.	BD	The company designs, develops, manufactures, markets and sells instruments, software, consumables and services used to determine the activity level of
1818	ACTV	First Financial Holdings, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group consists primarily of acting as financial intermediary by attracting deposits from the general public and using 
1819	ACTV	FirstService Corporation	RE	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide consumer services, such as landscape care, integrated security service with security officers and secu
1820	ACTV	Fisher Communications, Inc.	BC	The group is a media and communications ompny engaged primarily in television and radio broadcasting operations, television programming development an
1821	ACTV	Option Care, Inc.	HF	The company provides infusion therapy and other ancillary home healthcare services through its supporting franchise network. the company also supplies
1822	ACTV	Gaiam, Inc.	PH	Provides goods, services and information such as natural and organic foods and personal body care products, natural health and wellness solutions such
1823	ACTV	First Georgia Holding, Inc.	RB	The principle activities of the group are: a holding company of first georgia bank and accepting deposits and making commercial and consumer loans. th
1824	ACTV	First Independence Corporation	RB	The group operates as a federally chartered institution in kansas. the bank attracts deposits from the general public and originates those deposits fo
1825	ACTV	Fleming Companies, Inc.	GR	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
1826	ACTV	GlaxoSmithKilne	MD	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different health care things        
1827	ACTV	First Investors Financial Services Group	CF	The group is a specialized consumer finance company. the company provides finance for the purchase of receivables originated by franchised automobile 
1828	ACTV	Focal Communications Corporation	CU	The principal activities of the group are the provision of high-quality, local telecommunication services such as local and long-distance voice    
1829	ACTV	Fog Cutter Capital Group, Inc.	RE	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
1830	ACTV	Identix, Inc.	CP	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing, developing, and marketing of two categories of products for security, anti-fraud, 
1831	ACTV	Optimal Robotics Corporation	ST	Optimal robotics corp. develops, markets, installs and services automated transaction software and systems designed for use in the retail sector. its 
1832	ACTV	First Kansas Financial Corporation	SB	The principal activities of the company are accepting deposits from the general public and using such funds to provide real estate, commercial and con
1833	ACTV	Foot Locker, Inc.	RT	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
1834	ACTV	IEC Electronics Corporation	EI	Iec electronics corp. manufactures and markets printed circuit board assemblies, systems and electronic products. the company provides a range of manu
1835	ACTV	IFR Systems, Inc.	ST	The group designs, manufactures and sells various testing equipments. the testing equipments are classified into communications test equipments, elect
1836	ACTV	General Growth Properties, Inc.	RE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
1837	ACTV	IDACORP, Inc.	EU	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of energy related th    
1838	ACTV	First Keystone Financial, Inc.	SB	The principal activities of the company are attracting deposits from the general public and investing those funds and other available sources of funds
1839	ACTV	IFX Corporation	CS	The principal activity of the company is providing internet network connectivity and offering a broad range ofvalue-added services to multinational, i
1840	ACTV	iGATE Corporation	SP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
1841	ACTV	Optelecom, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the company is to develop, manufacture, sell fiber optic communication products and laser systems. the company provides in
1842	ACTV	First Mariner Bancorp	RB	The group is a bank holding company providing commercial, retail and mortgage banking services to individuals and small to mid-sized businesses. the g
1843	ACTV	IGEN International, Inc.	ST	The principal activities of the group are developing, manufacturing and marketing of diagnostic systems utilizing its patented origen technology which
1844	ACTV	iGo Corporation	CP	The company provides hard-to-find, model-specific accessories and services for mobile electronic devices. the devices include laptop computers, cellul
1845	ACTV	II-VI, Inc.	ST	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing and marketing of optical , electro-optical components, devices , and materials for 
1846	ACTV	Griffin Land & Nurseries, Inc.	HI	The company operates in two business segments: landscape nursery segment and real estate segment. the landscape nursery segment is comprised of growin
1847	ACTV	Gallaher Group plc	TO	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
1848	ACTV	First Midwest Financial, Inc.	SB	The company provides a wide range of financial services which include accepting retail deposits from the general public and investing these funds in o
1849	ACTV	IKON Office Solution, Inc.	OE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
1850	ACTV	Illumina, Inc.	ST	The group designs and develops proprietary technologies to provide information that could be used to understand genetic variation and function. the gr
1851	ACTV	Opinion Research Corporation	BS	The group provides market research, social research, business information services, marketing services and telemarketing services. the group assists i
1852	ACTV	First Mutual Bancshares, Inc.	SB	The principal activity of the company is into the providing a variety of banking services to retail customers and offers housing and commercial real e
1853	ACTV	ILOG S.A.	SP	Develops, markets and supports advanced software components for user interface, resource optimization and data services functions which are fundamenta
1854	ACTV	Image Sensing Systems, Inc.	ST	The company develops and markets video image processing technology and products for use in advanced traffic management systems and traffic data collec
1855	ACTV	ImagicTV, Inc.	CE	Develops and licenses infrastructure software products; And provides services that that enable telephone companies and other service providers to deli
1856	ACTV	New Brunswick Scientific Company, Inc.	ST	The company designs, manufactures and markets laboratory equipment and scientific, analytical and control instruments used to measure growth and detec
1857	ACTV	Tyco International Limited	CO	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
1858	ACTV	Genset	BD	Researches and develops genomic technologies; And manufactures and sells synthetic dna.     
1859	ACTV	First Niagara Financial Group, Inc.	SB	Savings and loan holding company with subsidiaries which performs savings bank operations and other related financial activities.  
1860	ACTV	iManage, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the company are providing content and collaboration management software for enterprises engaged in electronic businesses. 
1861	ACTV	OpenTV Corporation	SP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
1862	ACTV	IES Utilities, Inc.	EU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related products   
1863	ACTV	Guess, Inc.	AA	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied cyclical consumer things       
1864	ACTV	GenVec, Inc.	BD	Develops gene-based products that cause the production of therapeutic proteins at the site of of disease which help to fight cardiovascular disease,on
1865	ACTV	First Niles Financial, Inc.	SB	The principal activity of the company is providing banking services. the bank is a savings and loan holding company operating through its subsidiary, 
1866	ACTV	Grupo Elektra S.A. de C.V.	DD	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
1867	ACTV	Geerlings & Wade, Inc.	BA	The company is a direct marketer and internet retailer of premium, imported and domestic wines and wine-related merchandise to individual consumers in
1868	ACTV	First Regional Bancorp	SB	The company is a bank holding company for first regional bank, located in the southern california. the bank provides a full range of lending services 
1869	ACTV	First Republic Bank	RB	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
1870	ACTV	Imation Corporation	CD	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
1871	ACTV	Online Resources Corporation	SP	The company provides internet banking, bill payment and e-financial services to financial institutions which enable its clients to provide internet an
1872	ACTV	Genzyme Biosurgery	BD	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of health care related products       
1873	ACTV	First SecurityFed Financial, Inc.	SB	A savings and loan holding company which operates through its subsidiaries first security federal savings bank and western security corporation. the c
1874	ACTV	Immersion Corporation	CP	The principal activity of the group is the development of hardware and software technologies that enables users to interact with computer using their 
1875	ACTV	IMS Health, Inc.	CS	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
1876	ACTV	Genesis Health Ventures, Inc.	HF	The principal activities of the group include providing healthcare & support to the elderly. company has developed the genesis eldercare(sm) delivery 
1877	ACTV	GulfMark Offshore, Inc.	OW	The principal activity of the group is the operation of offshore support vessels, principally in the north sea and southeast asia which includes trans
1878	ACTV	Insituform Technologies, Inc.	CV	The principal activities of the group is the provision of proprietary technologies and services for rehabilitating municipal sewers, water mains and i
1879	ACTV	Haggar Corporation	AA	The principal activities of the group are the designing, manufacturing, importation and selling of casual and dress men's apparel products including p
1880	ACTV	First Sentinel Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The principal activities of the group are attracting retail deposits from the general public and investing those deposits, together with funds generat
1881	ACTV	Oneok, Inc.	NG	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of energy related th    
1882	ACTV	First South Bancorp, Inc	RB	First south bancorp, inc. va (formerly known as newsouth bancorp, inc.) is a holding company of first south bank. the company operates through 17 offi
1883	ACTV	Forest City Enterprises, Inc	RE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
1884	ACTV	Forrester Research, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the group are the research and analysis on the impact of the internet and emerging technologies on business strategy, cons
1885	ACTV	Inet Technologies, Inc.	CE	The main activity of the group is to provide communications software solutions. the group's software enables carriers to more effectively design, depl
1886	ACTV	Halliburton Company	OW	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different energy    
1887	ACTV	Genesee Corporation	BA	Holding company with subsidiaries which produce and sell beers and ales; Participate in equipment leasing joint venture and real estate limited partne
1888	ACTV	International Specialty Products, Inc.	MG	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied capital things       
1889	ACTV	Hampshire Group Limited	AA	The company designs, develops and delivers quality products within a given price range, while providing superior levels of customer service. the compa
1890	ACTV	First State Bancorporation	RB	The principal activities of the group include a full range of financial services to commercial and individual customers. the company offers checking a
1891	ACTV	Oneida Financial Corporation	SB	A savings and loan holding company accepting deposits from public and providing various types of loans including one-to-four family residential, comme
1892	ACTV	Fox Entertainment Group, Inc.	MP	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
1893	ACTV	France Telecom	CU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
1894	ACTV	Franklin Covey Company	SC	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
1895	ACTV	INFICON Holding AG	ST	Develps, manufactures and supplies vacuum instrumentation for analysismonitoring, measurement and control to ultimately improve the productivity of ma
1896	ACTV	Napco Security Systems, Inc.	SS	The company develops, manufactures and distributes security alarm products for commercial and residential uses. the products of the company includes a
1897	ACTV	Infinite Group, Inc.	ST	Provides comprehensive laser-based materials processing services to leading manufacturers; Commercializes high-productivity production tooling technol
1898	ACTV	Infinium Software, Inc.	SP	The group develops, markets and supports enterprise level business software applications. these software applications are used in the financial manage
1899	ACTV	Infocrossing, Inc.	CS	Infocrossing, inc. (formerly computer outsourcing services, inc.) provides infrastructure, systems and network outsourcing solutions. the company prov
1900	ACTV	InFocus Corporation	CP	The company develops, manufactures and markets data/video projection products and services to present video, audio, graphics and data from personal co
1901	ACTV	Omnicare, Inc.	DR	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
1902	ACTV	Jacobs Engineering Group, Inc.	CV	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied capital things    
1903	ACTV	Handleman Company	RP	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
1904	ACTV	Imperial Chemical Industries plc	CM	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
1905	ACTV	First United Corporation	RB	The bank is a one-bank holding company operating through its wholly owned banking subsidiary, first united national bank & trust and its two non-banki
1906	ACTV	Hatteras Income Securities, Inc.	IM	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
1907	ACTV	Gillette Company (The)	PH	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things     
1908	ACTV	Infogrames, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are the development, publishing and distribution of interactive entertainment software for use in various platfo
1909	ACTV	MCSi, Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the group are providing integrated technical services and audio-visual presentation, broadcast and computer technology pro
1910	ACTV	InfoNow Corporation	CS	The company provides integrated suite of e-business services over the internet to channel dependent companies and their channel partners. the services
1911	ACTV	Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc	RE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
1912	ACTV	Inco Limited	MM	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
1913	ACTV	Genzyme General	BD	Genzyme General develops and markets therapeutic products and diagnostic products and services. Genzyme General has three therapeutic products on the 
1914	ACTV	Informatica Corporation	SP	The company provides e-buisness infrastructure, analytical software and related services. these services enable the customers to integrate, analyse an
1915	ACTV	Information Resources, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are the provision of universal product code (upc) scanner-based business solutions services to the consumer pack
1916	ACTV	Monterey Pasta Company	FP	The company produces and markets premium quality refrigerated gourmet pastas, soups, gnocchi and pasta sauces to grocery and club stores located throu
1917	ACTV	Jewett-Cameron Trading Company	CX	The company operates as a wholesaler of lumber and building materials to home improvement centres located primarily in the pacific and rocky mountain 
1918	ACTV	Hartmarx Corporation	AA	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of cyclical consumer goods     
1919	ACTV	Genzyme Molecular Oncology	BD	Genzyme Molecular Oncology is developing a new generation of cancer products focusing on cancer vaccines and angiogenesis inhibitors. It is shaping th
1920	ACTV	Firstbank Corporation	RB	A bank holding company, which offers commercial banking services through 30 branch facilities in the state of michigan. these service include acceptin
1921	ACTV	Old Point Financial Corporation	RB	Old point financial corporation is a bank holding company operating through two subsidiaries: the old point national bank of phoebus and old point tru
1922	ACTV	Gilead Sciences, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are the discovery, development and commercialisation of proprietary therapeutics for important viral diseases, i
1923	ACTV	InforMax, Inc.	SP	The company is a global provider of bioinformatic software solutions. bioinformatics involves the analysis of genomic, proteomic and other biomolecula
1924	ACTV	Meade Instruments Corporation	ST	The principal activities of the group is to design, manufacture, import and distribute telescopes, telescope accessories, binoculars and other optical
1925	ACTV	InfoSpace, Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the company are the provision of advertising, promotion and local internet yellow pages advertising and global internet in
1926	ACTV	Hawk Corporation	AD	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied capital things    
1927	ACTV	Industrial Distribution Group, Inc.	MF	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
1928	ACTV	Lightbridge, Inc.	CU	The principal activities of the group are to develop, market and support a network of integrated products and services that enable telecommunications 
1929	ACTV	Fred's, Inc.	RL	The group operates a chain of general merchandise through its retail discount stores and franchisees.the company operates 320 discount general merchan
1930	ACTV	infoUSA, Inc.	CS	Provides extensive suite of business information products, designed to assist business-to-business marketers with a variety of marketing activities, s
1931	ACTV	Oil Dri Corporation of America	PH	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
1932	ACTV	Hasbro, Inc.	RP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
1933	ACTV	Gish Biomedical, Inc.	ME	The company designs, develops, produces and markets innovative surgical devices for various applications in the medical community. the company's medic
1934	ACTV	FirstCity Financial Corporation	CF	The principal activities of the group are divided into two reportable segments: portfolio asset - nonhomogeneous assets, including loans of varying qu
1935	ACTV	Fresh Choice, Inc.	RS	The company operates restaurants and offers an extensive selection of healthy, high-quality, freshly-made specialty and traditional salads, hot pasta,
1936	ACTV	Geron Corporation	BD	The principal activities of the company is to discover, develop and commercialize therapeutic and diagnostic products for applications in oncology. th
1937	ACTV	FirstCity Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group are divided into two reportable segments: portfolio asset - nonhomogeneous assets, including loans of varying qu
1938	ACTV	Linens-N-Things, Inc.	RL	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
1939	ACTV	Frontstep, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, marketing and supporting an integrated manufacturing, supplying chain management, fin
1940	ACTV	InfoVista S.A.	SP	Designs, develops and markets technologically advanced software which monitors, analyzes and reports on the performance and quality of service of info
1941	ACTV	Ocwen Financial Corporation	SB	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
1942	ACTV	Industriforvaltnings AB Kinnevik	FW	Holding company with subsidiaries which produce agriculture products, forestry and timeber, pagerboard and paper, packaging, and othe activities, incl
1943	ACTV	FTD, Inc.	RL	Operates web site and toll-free telephone number, both of which market flowers and and specialty gifts, including stuffed animals and other plush toys
1944	ACTV	Inktomi Corporation	CN	The company provides scalable infrastructure software, which enhances the performance and intelligence of large-scale networks. the activities of the 
1945	ACTV	Innodata Corporation	CS	The principal activities of the group are to provide data conversion services for internet, cd-rom and online database publishers. the services of the
1946	ACTV	Health Care Real Estate, Inc.	RE	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
1947	ACTV	Indiana Michigan Power Company	EU	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of energy related stuff      
1948	ACTV	Helen of Troy Limited	AT	The activities of group include designing, developing and marketing a wide variety of hair care appliances including hair dryers, curling irons, brush
1949	ACTV	Firstfed Financial Corporation	CF	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
1950	ACTV	Innoveda, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the company is to develop, market and provide technical support for a comprehensive family of software tools used by engin
1951	ACTV	O'Charley's, Inc.	RS	The principal activity of the group is the provision of fresh, high quality food at a good value in a relaxed, friendly atmosphere. the key elements o
1952	ACTV	International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.	CM	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
1953	ACTV	Flag Financial Corporation	RB	The company is a bank holding company and is the sole shareholder of flag bank. the bank provides a variety of financial services by attracting deposi
1954	ACTV	Innovex, Inc.	EI	The principal activities of the group are the development, manufacture and distribution of components, primarily lead wire assemblies, for computer di
1955	ACTV	INTASYS Corporation	SP	Develops, markets and licenses specialized billing software for the telecommunications and utilities markets; And provides consulting and development 
1956	ACTV	MKTG Services, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the group is providing database management, internet marketing, custom telemarketing/telefundraising, fulfillment and othe
1957	ACTV	Harvest Natural Resources, Inc.	OO	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related items     
1958	ACTV	FleetBoston Financial Corporation	MC	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
1959	ACTV	Integral Systems, Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the group includes building satellite ground systems for command and control, integration and test, data processing, simul
1960	ACTV	Integrated Silicon Solution, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing and marketing of high performance memory devices including static random access memory
1961	ACTV	o2wireless Solutions, Inc.	CU	The company provides network services to various sectors of global wireless telecommunications industry. the services of the company include business 
1962	ACTV	Lan Chile SA	AR	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of transportation related products     
1963	ACTV	Herman Miller, Inc.	FF	The principal activities of the group are the design, manufacture and sale of office furniture systems, products, and related services principally for
1964	ACTV	FloridaFirst Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The company is a savings bank holding company providing banking services in polka and manatee counties in florida. the company provides its retail ban
1965	ACTV	Emcore Corporation	SM	The principal activity of the company is to design, develop & mfr compound semiconductor materials, tools & mfg processes. the company operates in two
1966	ACTV	Human Genome Sciences, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the company is the research and development of novel compounds for treating and diagnosing human diseases based on the ident
1967	ACTV	International Paper Company	PA	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
1968	ACTV	Flushing Financial Corporation	SB	The principal activity of the group is attracting retail deposits from the general public and to invest the same in originations and purchases of resi
1969	ACTV	Integrated Telecom Express, Inc.	CE	The company designs and sells integrated circuit and software solutions to the broadband access communications equipment industry. the company's produ
1970	ACTV	Intel Corporation	SM	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing of computer, networking and communication products at var
1971	ACTV	Nyer Medical Group, Inc.	ME	The principal activity of the company is to supply medical products. the company through its wholly owned subsidiaries provides medical products and s
1972	ACTV	Hon Industries, Inc.	FF	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
1973	ACTV	FNB Corporation	RB	The corporation is a one-bank holding company, operating through first national bank and trust company. the services offered by the company include ch
1974	ACTV	Interactive Data Corporation	CS	Provides real-time stock market quotes, customized portfolio tracking and other information to investors and traders; Distributes real-time financial 
1975	ACTV	InterDigital Communications Corporation	CE	The principal activities of the group are the developing and marketing of advanced digital wireless telecommunications systems using proprietary techn
1976	ACTV	Global-Tech Appliances, Inc.	AT	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
1977	ACTV	International Power plc	EU	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy production a        
1978	ACTV	Headwaters, Inc.	CL	Headwaters, inc. (formerly known as covol technologies, inc.) develops a variety of binder technologies used to form fine materials from wastes and by
1979	ACTV	JLG Industries, Inc.	CA	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of really big items    
1980	ACTV	FNB Financial Services Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the company include accepting deposits, originating commercial, real estate and consumer loans and other financial service
1981	ACTV	NVIDIA Corporation	CP	The company develops and markets graphics processors and related software for personal computers and digital entertainment platforms. the company prov
1982	ACTV	IPSCO, Inc.	IS	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
1983	ACTV	Frankfort First Bancorp, Inc.	SB	Frankfort first bancorp, inc. is the holding company of first federal savings bank of frankfort. the company attracts deposits from the general public
1984	ACTV	G & L Realty Corporation	RE	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
1985	ACTV	Intergraph Corporation	CN	The principal activities of the group are the development, distribution and service of interactive computer graphic solutions and the provision of wor
1986	ACTV	ICU Medical, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the company are developing, manufacturing and selling proprietary, disposable medical connection systems for use in intrav
1987	ACTV	Franklin Bank	CF	The principal activities of the bank are providing consumer financial services through its three regional branches and one business centre. the bank h
1988	ACTV	Franklin Resources, Inc.	IV	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
1989	ACTV	G&K Services, Inc.	BS	Leases and maintains work clothes, specialized uniforms, anti-static garments, ultra-clean, particle-free garments and dress clothing; And leases floo
1990	ACTV	EMS Technologies, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the company it to design, manufacture and market products to a wide range of wireless communications. the company is organ
1991	ACTV	NUWAVE Technologies, Inc.	CE	The principal activity of the company is to develop, manufacture and market proprietary video-enhancement technology. the company is a development sta
1992	ACTV	Johns Manville Corporation	RM	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique capital goods    
1993	ACTV	Isonics Corporation	CM	The company develops and markets products worldwide based on isotopes for applications in the energy, medical research, diagnostic, pharmaceutical and
1994	ACTV	Fremont General Corporation	RB	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
1995	ACTV	Gabelli Global Multimedia	MP	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
1996	ACTV	Midland Company (The)	IP	The group provides specialty insurance products and services. the three segments of the group are manufactured housing insurance, other insurance and 
1997	ACTV	Heritage Propone Partners, L.P.	OO	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy     
1998	ACTV	Gables Residential	RE	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
1999	ACTV	Gadzooks, Inc.	RT	The company is a mall-based specialty retailer providing casual apparel and related accessories for youngsters, between the ages of 14 and 18. the com
2000	ACTV	Interlink Electronics	CP	The principal activities of the group are the development of intuitive interface devices, technologies and solutions for home and business application
2001	ACTV	Nuance Communications, Inc.	SP	The company develops, markets and supports a voice interface software platform that makes the information and services of enterprises, telecommunicati
2002	ACTV	TRW, Inc.	CO	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
2003	ACTV	Landair Corporation	TR	The company is an irregular route, high-service truckload carrier that transports a wide range of commodities in both intrastate and interstate commer
2004	ACTV	Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the group is to provide globalization services to software publishers, computer hardware manufacturers and telecommunicati
2005	ACTV	Gallery of History, Inc.	RL	The activities of the company are to market historical documents such as letters, documents and signatures of presidents and other political and gover
2006	ACTV	ID Biomedical Corporation	BD	Researches and develops medical products and technologies for the diagnosis and prevention of human infectious diseases through gene-based disease ide
2007	ACTV	MDU Resources Group, Inc.	NG	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of energy related th    
2008	ACTV	Joy Global, Inc.	CA	The principal activities of the group are the manufacture and distribution of surface mining equipment and underground mining equipment. the surface m
2009	ACTV	Ispat International	IS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
2010	ACTV	GameTech International, Inc.	RA	The company designs, develops and markets interactive electronic bingo systems and rents them under operating type leases on month to month and long t
2011	ACTV	Northwest Airlines Corporation	AR	The principal activity of the group is that of an international air freight carrier engaged principally in the commercial transportation of passengers
2012	ACTV	Gannett Company, Inc.	PP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
2013	ACTV	Lions Gate Entertainment	MP	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
2014	ACTV	International Business Machines Corporation	CH	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
2015	ACTV	International Rectifier Corporation	SM	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
2016	ACTV	Micronetics Wireless, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the company includes designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing a broad range of high performance wireless compone
2017	ACTV	Horizon Offshore, Inc.	OW	The principal activity of the group is the provision of marine construction services to the offshore oil and gas industry primarily in the united stat
2018	ACTV	Gabelli Asset Management, Inc.	IV	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
2019	ACTV	Liquidation World, Inc.	BS	Markets merchandise from distress situations such as bankruptcies, receiverships, close-outs, inventory overruns and insurance claims.    
2020	ACTV	Emulex Corporation	CD	The company designs, develops and supplies broad line of storage networking host bus adapters, or hbas, application-specific computer chips, or asics,
2021	ACTV	Northern Indiana Public Services Company	EU	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy production a        
2022	ACTV	Kaiser Engineers	CV	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of really big things        
2023	ACTV	Ivex Packaging Corporation	CK	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
2024	ACTV	Gateway Financial Holdings, Inc.	RB	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
2025	ACTV	Litha Motors, Inc.	RL	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
2026	ACTV	I-Many, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the company are to provide software and internet-based solutions and related professional services. the services of the co
2027	ACTV	GB&T Bancshares	RB	The bank is a multi-bank holding company providing commercial banking services through four branches located in gainesville and oakwood, georgia. the 
2028	ACTV	Internet Commerce Corporation	SP	Designs, develops and markets systems for securing, controlling, metering, and auditing electronic products, documents and programs for use in stand-a
2029	ACTV	Internet Gold Golden Lines Limited	CS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
2030	ACTV	Internet Initiative Japan, Inc.	CS	Provides internet access services and internet-related services such as network consulting and systems integration services, security for and support,
2031	ACTV	North Central Bancshares, Inc.	SB	The company is a unitary savings and loan holding company for first federal savings bank of iowa, a federally chartered stock savings bank. the group 
2032	ACTV	Houston Exploration Company (The)	OO	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different energy related things      
2033	ACTV	Kaman Corporation	AD	Holding company with subsidiaries which produce helicopters, to commercial, united states defense and foreign government markets, that consist of its 
2034	ACTV	Encore Wire Corporation	MF	The principal activity of the company is to manufacture copper electrical building wire and non-metallic cable. the residential wire product consists 
2035	ACTV	GAP, Inc.	RT	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
2036	ACTV	Golden West Financial Corporation	SB	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
2037	ACTV	Garden Fresh Restaurant Corporation	RS	The company owns and operates 86 salad buffet restaurants in the united states under the names souplantation, sweet tomatoes and ladles. the company h
2038	ACTV	Internet Pictures Corporation	CS	Provides visual content and other digital media solutions to facilitate commerce, communication and entertainment services; Provides both businesses a
2039	ACTV	Internet Security Systems, Inc	SP	The company provides security management solutions for protecting digital assets. the company also provides network security monitoring, detection and
2040	ACTV	Interphase Corporation	CP	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, manufacturing, marketing and supporting high-performance connectivity products utiliz
2041	ACTV	Nortel Network Corporation	CE	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
2042	ACTV	Gart Sports Company	RL	The principal activitiy of the company is retailing of sports goods. the company operates 120 stores in 16 states in the midwest, rocky mountain regio
2043	ACTV	Interplay Entertainment Corporation	SP	The company develops, publishes and distributes interactive entertainment software titles for both core gamers and the mass market. the company develo
2044	ACTV	Intershop Communications	SP	Not available.          
2045	ACTV	Intertrust Technologies Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the group are develops a general purpose digital rights management or drm. in addition the group serves as a foundation fo
2046	ACTV	ImmunoGen, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group is to develop and produce commercial anti-body based cancer therapeutics and other pharmaceuticals based on mole
2047	ACTV	KB Home	CV	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of capita        
2048	ACTV	Ethyl Corporation	CM	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
2049	ACTV	Gartner, Inc.	BS	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
2050	ACTV	Littlefield Corporation	RA	The principal activities of the company are divided into four separate business segments: littlefield entertainment comprises of 19 charitable bingo b
2051	ACTV	Noga Electro-Mechanical Industries Limited	MG	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied capital things       
2052	ACTV	Howell Corporation	OW	The company performs a bunch of different energy related stuff        
2053	ACTV	Gaylord Entertainment Company	HM	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
2054	ACTV	Endwave Corporation	CE	The company''s principal activities are designing and manufacturing radio frequency subsystems that enable the transmission, reception and processing 
2055	ACTV	Interwoven, Inc.	SP	The company provides software products and services that help businesses and other organisations manage the content of their web sites. the product of
2056	ACTV	Media 100, Inc.	CP	The principal activities of the group are the development, marketing, sale and support of digital video and web-based streaming media software and sys
2057	ACTV	Huffy Corporation	RP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied cyclical consumer things       
2058	ACTV	General Communication, Inc.	CU	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide common-carrier long-distance telecommunications services to residential, commercial and government use
2059	ACTV	Genesco, Inc.	RT	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
2060	ACTV	Intevac, Inc.	CD	The company is a global supplier of static sputtering systems and related manufacturing equipment. the systems are used in the production of thin film
2061	ACTV	NetSolve, Inc.	CS	The principal activity of the group is providing enterprise data networking managment services. the services include network design, installation and 
2062	ACTV	Golden Enterprises, Inc.	FP	The principle activities of the group is to manufacture and distribute snack food products through the wholly owned subsidiary, golden flake snack foo
2063	ACTV	Fastenal Company	MF	The principal activity of the group is selling of industrial and construction supplies and distributing them in nine product lines. as of dec 2000, th
2064	ACTV	GBC Bancorp	RB	The group is a multi bank holding company providing commercial banking services to individuals and small to medium-sized businesses through seventeen 
2065	ACTV	Genesys S.A.	CU	Provides enhanced audio conferencing, video conferencing, data collaboration, and web-based services and applications.   
2066	ACTV	Industri-Matematik International Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the group are developing, marketing, implementing and supporting client/server application software that enables manufactu
2067	ACTV	Given Imaging Limited	ME	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to health care       
2068	ACTV	General American Investors Company, Inc.	IV	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
2069	ACTV	Genuity, Inc.	BS	Provides high quality, managed internet infrastructure services to enterprises and service providers. new registrant.   
2070	ACTV	Geoworks Corporation	CU	The company offers carrier-class mobile internet infrastructure software enabling personalized, real-time access to corporate and internet data. the c
2071	ACTV	Netro Corporation	CE	The principal activities of the group are the design, development, manufacture and market of broadband wireless point-to-multipoint access systems; Pr
2072	ACTV	Hurricane Hydrocarbons Limited	OO	Explores for and develops oil and natural gas properties.      
2073	ACTV	IMPCO Technologies, Inc	AP	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing and supplying of fuel storage, fuel delivery and electronic control systems that al
2074	ACTV	Jefferson Smurfit Group plc	CK	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
2075	ACTV	GlycoGenesys, Inc.	BD	Holding company with subsidiaries which research and develop pharmaceutical products based on carbohydrate compounds, the company's lead drug candidat
2076	ACTV	Great Plains Energy, Inc.	EU	Owns and operates a bunch of different energy related things     
2077	ACTV	German American Bancorp	RB	The principal activities of the company include retail and commercial banking, mortgage banking, trust and brokerage services, title insurance and ful
2078	ACTV	GFSB Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The company is a unitary savings and loan holding company which operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, gallup federal savings bank. the bank ac
2079	ACTV	Glacier Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activity of the group is to provide banking services to individual and corporate customers in montana through its subsidaries. the subsi
2080	ACTV	Getty Images, Inc.	BS	The company is a e-commerce provider of visual content and related products and services to businesses worldwide, distributing products digitally via 
2081	ACTV	Netopia, Inc.	CN	The principal activity of the group is the provision of internet and electronic commerce infrastructure products & services such as high-speed, multi-
2082	ACTV	Golden State Vintners, Inc.	BA	Provides wine making and processing services, barrel fermentation and bottling, and storage services; And sells bulk wine and case goods.  
2083	ACTV	Go2Pharmacy, Inc.	BD	The company manufactures and ships high-quality private label dietary supplements, over-the-counter drugs, and health and beauty care products worldwi
2084	ACTV	GLB Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the company is providing deposit and lending services to individuals and small to medium businesses within lake county, oh
2085	ACTV	Gevity HR, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the company is to provide professional employer services to small and medium sized businesses which include payroll admini
2086	ACTV	Infosys Technologies Limited	SP	Provides software development, maintenance and re-engineering services.        
2087	ACTV	Ingersoll-Rand Company Limited	AM	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied cyclical consumer things   
2088	ACTV	Federal Screw Works	MF	Federal screw works manufactures and markets various industrial component parts. these component parts include locknuts, bolts, piston pins, studs, bu
2089	ACTV	GTH BioTherapeutics, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the company is the application of transgenic technology to the development and production of recombinant proteins for therap
2090	ACTV	Global Preferred Holdings, Inc.	IL	Holding company with subsidiaries which provides reinsurance for life insurance companies on variable universal life and variable annuity products, an
2091	ACTV	Netease.com, Inc.	CS	Develops applications, services and other technologies. new registrant.        
2092	ACTV	Hydril Company	OW	Engineers, manufactures and markets premium tubular connections and pressure rontrol products forgas drilling and production. new registration    
2093	ACTV	Key Technology, Inc.	MG	The activities of the company inlclude designing, manufacturing, selling and servicing of process automation systems for food processing industry. the
2094	ACTV	Guilford Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are the development and commercialization of novel products in the targeted and controlled delivery of drugs usi
2095	ACTV	Gold Banc Corporation, Inc.	RB	The company is a multi-bank holding company that operates through 61 banking offices located in kansas, missouri and oklahoma. the banks provides a fu
2096	ACTV	Med-Design Corporation (The)	ME	The company designs, develops and licenses safety medical devices to reduce the occurrence of accidental needlesticks. accidental needlesticks result 
2097	ACTV	Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.	IV	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
2098	ACTV	Gilman & Ciocia, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the company is providing income tax preparations and financial planning services to individuals and businesses. the compan
2099	ACTV	Glenborough Realty, Inc.	RE	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
2100	ACTV	Global Payment Technologies, Inc.	BS	The company designs, manufactures and markets paper currency validating equipment used in vending and gaming machines. validators receive and authenti
2101	ACTV	Net.B@nk, Inc.	RB	The principal activity of the group is the provision of banking and financial services to the growing number of internet users which includes checking
2102	ACTV	Hansen Natural Corporation	BN	The principal activities of the company are marketing, selling and distributing fruit juices, lemonades, juice cocktails, still water, fruit juice smo
2103	ACTV	Innovo Group, Inc.	AA	Innovo group inc. designs, manufactures and distributes various cut and sewn canvas and nylon consumer products, such as tote bags, insulated lunch ba
2104	ACTV	Ferro Corporation	CM	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
2105	ACTV	Good Guys, Inc.	TH	The company (formerly known as the good guys, inc.) operates retail stores dealing in the sale of consumer electronics products. the company operates 
2106	ACTV	Ingram Micro, Inc.	CH	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
2107	ACTV	Knape & Vogt Manufacturing Company	CX	Designs, manufactures and markets storage products, such as a complete line of decorative and utility wall shelving systems, drawer slides, closet rod
2108	ACTV	Good Times Restaurants, Inc.	RS	Good times restaurants inc. is a holding company which develops, owns and franchises chain of fast food restaurants. the company operates under brand 
2109	ACTV	GP Strategies Corporation	BS	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
2110	ACTV	Great Lakes Reit, Inc.	RE	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
2111	ACTV	NCO Group, Inc.	BS	The company provides accounts receivable management and collection services. the company's client base includes companies in the financial services, h
2112	ACTV	ICO, Inc.	OW	The company provides specialized petrochemical processing and oilfield services. the company's petrochemical processing segment provides grinding, air
2113	ACTV	Fletcher Challenge Forests Limited	FW	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
2114	ACTV	Governor and Company of The Bank of Ireland (The)	RB	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
2115	ACTV	Greg Manning Auctions, Inc.	BS	The company conducts auctions and private sales of collectibles, including rare stamps, rare documents, sports trading cards and sports memorabilia. t
2116	ACTV	McKesson Corporation	PH	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
2117	ACTV	Marten Transport Limited	TR	The company provides protective service and time-sensitive transportation. protective service transportation means temperature controlled or insulated
2118	ACTV	Integrity Incorporated	RP	Produces and publishes christian music, ranging from praise and worship, to adult contemporary christian music and children's music, as well as printe
2119	ACTV	Grand Central Financial Corporation	MS	The group is a savings and loan holding company for central federal savings and loan association of wellsville. the group provides banking services th
2120	ACTV	Grand Metropolitan plc	MS	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
2121	ACTV	NBT Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company through its subsidiaries provides commercial banking and financial services to its customers. the wholly owned subsidiaries of the company
2122	ACTV	Kreisler Manufacturing Corporation	AD	The principal activities of the company are manufacturing precision metal components and assemblies for military and commercial aircraft engines. the 
2123	ACTV	Grey Global Group, Inc.	AE	Provides a full range of advertising services and allied areas such as marketing consultation, audio-visual production, co-marketing programs, direct 
2124	ACTV	GRIC Communications, Inc.	CU	The company provides internet-based communications infrastructure products and services, including settlement services. this enables telecommunication
2125	ACTV	Grill Concepts, Inc.	RS	The company develops and operates casual dining restaurants under the name daily grill and fine dining restaurants under the name the grill on the all
2126	ACTV	InterCept, Inc.	CF	The principal activities of the group are providing a broad-range of technologies, products and services that work together to meet the electronic com
2127	ACTV	Kubota Corporation	IS	Owns and operates a bunch of different things        
2128	ACTV	GumTech International, Inc.	BD	The company researches, develops, manufactures, markets and distributes products in the innovative nutrient and drug delivery systems market. the comp
2129	ACTV	Group 1 Automotive, Inc.	RL	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
2130	ACTV	Grubb & Ellis Company	RE	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
2131	ACTV	National R V Holdings, Inc.	MH	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of capita        
2132	ACTV	Inergy, L.P.	OO	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
2133	ACTV	Interface, Inc.	TN	Develops, manufactures and sells free lying carpet tile designed for use in office, institutional, commercial and health care facilities; Manufactures
2134	ACTV	Grupo Iusacell S.A. de C.V.	CU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
2135	ACTV	GT Group Telecommunications, Inc.	CU	Provides data, internet applications, voice services access, equipment co-location and installation services; And markets and sells telecommunications
2136	ACTV	Greater Atlantic Financial Corporation	SB	The company is a community-oriented institution. principal activities of the company includes commercial, mortgage and consumer loans and receives dep
2137	ACTV	Hanger Orthopedic Group, Inc.	HF	The company performs a bunch of different health care related stuff      
2138	ACTV	Gymboree Corporation (The)	RT	The pricncipal activity of the group is designing, contracts manufacturing and retailing of high quality apparel and accessories for children. the com
2139	ACTV	Intrado, Inc.	CS	Provides 9-1-1 operations support systems services to incumbent local exchange carriers, competitive local exchange carriers and wireless carriers; An
2140	ACTV	Intraware, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are the provision of technical research; In-depth software analysis; An extensive selection of software, trainin
2141	ACTV	National Processing, Inc.	CS	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
2142	ACTV	Toshiba Corporation	CO	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of stuff    
2143	ACTV	Intermet Corporation	AP	The company produces ferrous metals, including ductile and gray iron, and light metal castings. the ferrous and light are cast products used in light 
2144	ACTV	L.B. Foster Company	MF	The company manufactures, fabricates and distributes rail, construction and tubular products. the other products are concrete ties, bonded rail joints
2145	ACTV	Health Management Associates, Inc.	HF	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied health care things     
2146	ACTV	International Aluminum Corporation	CX	The company performs a bunch of different capital stuff       
2147	ACTV	Healthcare Technologies Limited	BD	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied health care things      
2148	ACTV	H & R Block, Inc.	PS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
2149	ACTV	Hall, Kinion & Associates, Inc.	BS	The company is an information technology staffing company specializing in placing high technology personnel on both a contract and permanent basis. th
2150	ACTV	Hanaro Telecom, Inc.	CU	Provides high-speed internet access, local telephony, multimedia and data services in korea.       
2151	ACTV	National Equipment Services, Inc.	RN	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
2152	ACTV	Mesa Air Group, Inc.	AR	The principal activities of the group are operating as regional air carriers providing passenger and air freight services. the company serves over 120
2153	ACTV	Infinity, Inc.	OW	The principle activity of the company is to provide oil and gas well services in the identification, acquisition and development of oil and gas proper
2154	ACTV	Ladish Company, Inc.	MF	The company engineers, produces and markets high-strength, high-technology forged and cast metal components for a wide variety of load bearing and fat
2155	ACTV	Iomega Corporation	CD	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
2156	ACTV	Maxim Group, Inc.	IV	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
2157	ACTV	Intier Automotive, Inc.	AP	Manufactures automotive interior and closure components, system and modules. new registrant.       
2158	ACTV	HealthTronics Surgical Services, Inc.	ME	The company provides state-of-the-art noninvasive treatment solutions for certain urologic and orthopaedic conditions. all devices marketed by the com
2159	ACTV	Hancock Fabrics, Inc	RL	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
2160	ACTV	Ion Networks, Inc	CP	The principal activities of the company is to design, develop and manufacture next-generation's secure, proactive and anticipatory network infrastruct
2161	ACTV	Nathan's Famous, Inc.	RS	The company operates and franchises fast food units. these units features nathan's famous brand all-beef frankfurters, fresh crinkle-cut french fried 
2162	ACTV	HealthWatch, Inc.	ME	The principal activity of the company are manufacturing and distributing noninvasive vascular diagnostic medical equipment in the united states. the c
2163	ACTV	IONA Technologies plc	SP	Provides software products which enable development, integration and management of network-base applications in multi-platform computing environments.
2164	ACTV	ISCO, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the company is designing, manufacturing and marketing water pollution monitoring instruments and separation instruments us
2165	ACTV	I-Sector Corporation	CP	The company is in the business of providing computer and telecommunication systems network products and related services through its five wholly-owned
2166	ACTV	InterVoice-Brite, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the group are developing, selling and servicing call automation systems with emphasis on interactive information systems a
2167	ACTV	Lawson Products, Inc.	MF	The principal activities of the group are the distribution of expendable maintenance and repair replacement products.these are classified into three c
2168	ACTV	Hemosol, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the group is the development of a multi-product pipeline for global markets based on proprietary technologies, used initiall
2169	ACTV	Hanover Compressor Company	RN	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
2170	ACTV	Itron, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the group are the provision of integrated system solutions for collecting, communicating, analyzing and managing informati
2171	ACTV	Nassda Corporation	SP	The principal activity of the company is the provision of full-chip circuit simulation and analysis software for the design and verification of comple
2172	ACTV	Isramco, Inc.	OO	The company acquires, explores, operates and develops oil and gas properties and the temporary investment of surplus funds in securities. the company 
2173	ACTV	Johnson Outdoors, Inc.	RP	Manufactures and markets recreational products for fishing, camping, underwater diving and marine activities such as tents, backpacks, canoes, tanks, 
2174	ACTV	Harrahs Entertainment, Inc.	CG	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
2175	ACTV	iVillage, Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the group are the development of programming material for distribution through online service providers and the internet a
2176	ACTV	Gundle/SLT Environmental	FR	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
2177	ACTV	Henry Schein, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the company are distribution of healthcare products and services and practice management software to dental, medical and v
2178	ACTV	Harris Interactive, Inc.	BS	The company is a market research, polling and consulting firm. the company uses internet-based and traditional methodologies to provide the customers 
2179	ACTV	Harvey Electronics, Inc.	TH	The company is a retailer of audio/video consumer electronics and home theater equipment. the equipment includes components and systems, video cassett
2180	ACTV	Ixia	CE	The company develops, markets and sells high-speed, multi-port network performance analysis systems. these systems are used in advanced optical and el
2181	ACTV	Mystic Financial, Inc.	SB	The corporation is a bank holding company and a massachusetts chartered stock co-operative bank. the group provides a variety of financial services to
2182	ACTV	Herbalife International, Inc.	BD	Markets weight management products, nutritional supplements and personal care products worldwide.    
2183	ACTV	Hastings Entertainment, Inc.	RL	The company is a multimedia entertainment company. the company operates retail stores which sell books, music, software, periodicals, videotapes, dvd'
2184	ACTV	IXOS Software AG	SP	Provides client/server software solutions for the management of business documents which automates the imaging, archiving, retrieval, sharing, deliver
2185	ACTV	IXYS Corporation	SM	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing and marketing of power semiconductors used primarily in controlling energy in motor dr
2186	ACTV	Intrawest Corporation	HM	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
2187	ACTV	Kaneb Pipe Line Partners, L.P.	OW	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different energy    
2188	ACTV	Jones Apparel Group, Inc.	AA	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
2189	ACTV	J.D. Edwards & Company	SP	The principal activities of the group are developing, marketing and supporting collaborative enterprise and supply chain computing solutions for the i
2190	ACTV	Jabil Circuit, Inc.	EI	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
2191	ACTV	MutualFirst Financial, Inc.	SB	The principal activities of the company are providing a variety of deposit and loan services with wide range of interest rates and terms. the company 
2192	ACTV	Mesaba Holdings, Inc.	AR	The company provides a regional scheduled passenger airservice and air freight service. the company is currently operating across103 cities and metrop
2193	ACTV	Heska Corporation	BD	The principal activities of the group are the discovery, development, and marketing of companion animal health products. the company has a sophisticat
2194	ACTV	Jacada Limited	SP	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
2195	ACTV	Jaco Electronics, Inc.	EI	The company distributes electronic parts and provides contract manufacturing and value-added services. the passive and active components distributed b
2196	ACTV	Matav-Cable Systems Media Limited	BC	Operates and provides cable television services in israel.      
2197	ACTV	Hi-Tech Pharmacal Company, Inc.	BD	The group manufactures over 100 generic products, comprised of various over-the-counter pharmaceuticals, prescription drug products and nutritional pr
2198	ACTV	JDA Software Group, Inc.	SP	The principal activitity of the company is into the provision of sophisticated software solutions. the services include integrated enterprise-wide sof
2199	ACTV	JNI Corporation	CD	The company designs, develops and supplies hardware that connects servers and data storage devices to form storage area network (san). storage area ne
2200	ACTV	Juniper Networks, Inc.	CE	The company designs and sells internet protocol (ip) routers for private and public access networks. the company also makes network traffic management
2201	ACTV	Murphy Oil Corporation	OO	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related items     
2202	ACTV	K2, Inc.	RP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique cyclical consumer items   
2203	ACTV	Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the company is focused on the research, development and commercialization of new antimicrobial drugs to combat serious and l
2204	ACTV	Granite State Bankshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group include accepting deposits from the general public and originating loans secured by residential and commercial r
2205	ACTV	Katy Industries, Inc.	EI	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
2206	ACTV	Invacare Corporation	ME	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of health care related products       
2207	ACTV	Layne Christensen Company	CV	The company provides drilling and related services in four principal markets, namely water well drilling and maintenance, mineral exploration drilling
2208	ACTV	Great American Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The bank's principal business consists of the acceptance of retail deposits and the investment of those deposits, together with funds generated from o
2209	ACTV	Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc.	RL	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
2210	ACTV	Kemet Corporation	EI	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
2211	ACTV	MSB Financial, Inc.	SB	The company is a holding company for marshall savings bank. the company accepts retail deposits from the general public and primarily invests these fu
2212	ACTV	Hershey Foods Corporation	FP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
2213	ACTV	Health Care Property Investors, Inc.	RE	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
2214	ACTV	Key Tronic Corporation	CP	Key tronic corporation provides contract design and manufacturing services for original equiment manufactures. the company also manufactures input dev
2215	ACTV	Keynote Systems, Inc.	CS	The principal activiies of the group are offering internet performance measurement, diagnostic and consulting services. these benchmarking and perform
2216	ACTV	Maritrans, Inc.	WT	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to transportation      
2217	ACTV	Kenneth Cole Productions, Inc.	FO	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
2218	ACTV	Healthcare Realty	RE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
2219	ACTV	KLA-Tencor Corporation	SM	The company provides process control and yield management solutions for the semiconductor and related microelectronics industries. the company's compr
2220	ACTV	Kronos, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are the design, manufacture and marketing of frontline labor management systems comprising of a host of compleme
2221	ACTV	MRV Communications, Inc.	EI	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing of optical components. the group operates through two seg
2222	ACTV	Lennox International, Inc.	MG	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied capital things       
2223	ACTV	Great Pee Dee Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The company is a savings and loan holding company of first federal savings and loan association of cheraw. the primary business of the company is attr
2224	ACTV	Healthcare Services Group, Inc.	BS	The principal activity of the group is the provision of housekeeping, laundry, linen, facility maintenance and food services. the group provides servi
2225	ACTV	HealthStream, Inc.	SC	The company provides web-based solutions & services to meet the training and education needs of the healthcare industry. the company provides event de
2226	ACTV	ISTA Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company are to discover, develop and commercialize new remedies for diseases and conditions of the eye. the company de
2227	ACTV	Great Southern Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company is the holding company of great southern bank. the company is into the business of originating residential and commercial real estate loan
2228	ACTV	Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc.	BS	The principal activity of the group is to provide executive- level search and leadership consulting services. the company provides these services by h
2229	ACTV	K-Tron International, Inc.	ST	The principle activities of the company is designing, manufacturing, marketing and servicing of gravimetric and volumetric feeders and related equipme
2230	ACTV	Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing and marketing of capital equipment, related spare parts and packaging materials use
2231	ACTV	MPM Technologies, Inc.	MG	The principal activities of the company are designing, engineering, supplying and servicing high temperature and chemical air pollution control system
2232	ACTV	MetroGas S.A.	NG	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related products   
2233	ACTV	Hines Horticulture, Inc.	CR	The principal activities of the group is production and marketing of horticultural products. the company operates in two segments, nursery segment: pr
2234	ACTV	Keystone Automotive Industries, Inc.	AP	The principal activity of the group is the distribution of aftermarket collision replacement parts and repair materials produced by independent manufa
2235	ACTV	Great Western Financial	MS	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
2236	ACTV	Harris Corporation	CE	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
2237	ACTV	Greater Bay Bancorp	RB	The principal activities of the group are the provision of commercial banking services to small and medium-sized businesses, real estate developers an
2238	ACTV	Hibbett Sporting Goods, Inc.	RL	The company operates full-line sporting goods stores. the company serves small to mid-sized markets primarily in the southeastern united states. the r
2239	ACTV	Hickory Tech Corporation	CU	The principal activities of the group are the operation of incumbent local exchange carriers(ilec). it consists of connecting customers to the telepho
2240	ACTV	Highwoods Properties, Inc.	RE	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
2241	ACTV	Monolithic System Technology, Inc.	SM	Designs, develops, licenses and markets memory technologies used by the semiconductor industry and electronic product manufacturers. new registrant. 
2242	ACTV	Kimball International, Inc.	FF	Manufactures office, home hospitality and healthcare furniture, television and stereo cabinets, pianos, piano cases and certain other wood products; P
2243	ACTV	Greater Community Bancorp	RB	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
2244	ACTV	Greater Delaware Valley Savings Bank	SB	The company is doing business as alliance bank. the group provides financial services through seven full service branch offices located in delaware co
2245	ACTV	Hollywood Casino Corporation	CG	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
2246	ACTV	Ivanhoe Energy, Inc.	OO	Explores for and develops oil and gas properties.      
2247	ACTV	Lihir Gold Limited	GS	The company owns, develops, explores, extracts and process gold located in lihir island.    
2248	ACTV	Greene County Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company is a one bank holding company for greene county savings bank, a community oriented state-chartered mutual savings bank. the services provi
2249	ACTV	Hollywood Entertainment Corporation	RA	The principal activity of the group is the operation of a chain of video superstores which offers rental of videocassettes, dvds, video games and inte
2250	ACTV	Hollywood Media Corporation	AE	The principal activity of the group is to provide entertainment-related information, content and ticketing services. the company generates revenues th
2251	ACTV	Molex, Inc.	EI	The principal activities of the group are the manufacture and sale of electrical components. the group designs, manufactures and distributes electrica
2252	ACTV	Hormel Foods Corporation	FP	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
2253	ACTV	Curis, Inc.	BD	The company intends to be a leader in the field of regenerative medicine. this field seeks to improve, restore or preserve the normal function of tiss
2254	ACTV	Greenpoint Financial Corporation	SB	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
2255	ACTV	HomeStore, Inc.	RE	The principal activity of the group is the provision of a wide variety of information and communications tools for consumers, real estate industry pro
2256	ACTV	Macromedia, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are developing, marketing and supporting software and services for web publishing and web learning. the group al
2257	ACTV	Middlesex Water Company	WU	The company collects, treats, stores and distributes water for domestic, commercial, industrial and fire prevention purposes. the company supplies wat
2258	ACTV	LaCrosse Footwear, Inc.	FO	The principal activities of the group are to design, develop, market and manufacture premium quality protective footwear and clothing for the sporting
2259	ACTV	CyberCare, Inc.	ME	Holding company with subsidiaries which develop an internet-based technology system which provide remote monitoring of individuals for health care pur
2260	ACTV	Grupo Financiero Galicia S.A.	MS	Bank holding company with subsidiaries which perform commercial banking operations, mortgage banking services, credit card services and other related 
2261	ACTV	Moldflow Corporation	SP	The company is in the developing of software solutions that enhances the design, develop, analysis and manufacture of injection molded plastic parts a
2262	ACTV	Longview Fibre Company	PA	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
2263	ACTV	Cypress Bioscience, Inc.	BD	The group sells medical devices for the treatment of certain types of immune system disorders. the company is also developing a novel therapeutic agen
2264	ACTV	GS Financial Corporation	SB	The company's principal business is conducted through guaranty savings and homestead association. the company provides financial services primarily to
2265	ACTV	Hoover's, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the company are publishing, creating and distributing business information for business organization, business people and 
2266	ACTV	J. Jill Group Inc. (The)	CT	The group is a retailer of women's apparel, accessories and gifts items. the company currently markets its products through retail stores, website and
2267	ACTV	Liberty Homes, Inc.	CV	Designs, manufactures, and sells single section and multi-section manufactured homes.      
2268	ACTV	Guaranty Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The company provides financial services to small and medium-sized businesses, professionals and individuals in northeast texas. the company through it
2269	ACTV	Horizon Group Properties, Inc.	RE	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
2270	ACTV	KVH Industries, Inc.	CE	Kvh industries, inc. develops, manufactures and markets fiber optic, digital navigation systems and mobile satellite communication products for commer
2271	ACTV	Modem Media, Inc.	AE	Provides digital interactive marketing solutions, delivered over the internet and other electronic media, which enable clients to establish, retain an
2272	ACTV	Hunt Corporation	OS	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
2273	ACTV	La-Z-Boy, Inc.	FF	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
2274	ACTV	Louisiana Pacific Corporation	FW	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
2275	ACTV	Hollis-Eden Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are discovring, developing and commercializing of products for the treatment of infectious diseases and immune s
2276	ACTV	Helmerich & Payne, Inc.	OW	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of energy related goods      
2277	ACTV	Hologic, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the group are the development, manufacturing and marketing of x-ray bone densitometers and ultrasound bone analyzers that 
2278	ACTV	Guaranty Federal Bancshares, Inc.	SB	The company is a unitary savings and loan holding company of guaranty federal savings bank. the group accepts retail deposits from the general public 
2279	ACTV	Guaranty Financial Corporation	RB	The corporation is a one-bank holding company for guaranty bank. the bank provides commercial and retail banking services to individuals and corporate
2280	ACTV	Host America Corporation	RS	The principal activities of the company are the provisions of full service restaurant and employee dining, special event catering, vending and office 
2281	ACTV	Mobility Electronics, Inc.	CP	The company designs, develops and markets peripheral component interface or pci bus, technologies and products for computer industry and a broad range
2282	ACTV	Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc.	MG	Holding company with subsidiaries which design and manufacture arc welding products, robotic welding systems, plasma and oxyfuel cutting equipment and
2283	ACTV	Gulf West Banks, Inc.	RB	The company is a one bank holding company that is engaged in mercantile banking operations. the bank owns and operates mercantile bank and provides pe
2284	ACTV	Host Marriott Corporation	RE	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
2285	ACTV	Lam Research Corporation	SM	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing and marketing of semiconductor processing equipment used in the fabrication of inte
2286	ACTV	JDS Uniphase Corporation	CE	The company designs, develops, manufactures and distributes fibre optic components, modules and subsystems for the fiber optic communications industry
2287	ACTV	Tomkins plc	CO	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of things    
2288	ACTV	Mississippi Power Company	EU	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of energy related stuff      
2289	ACTV	Lear Corporation	TN	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
2290	ACTV	LTV Corporation	IS	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
2291	ACTV	MKS Instruments, Inc.	SM	Supplies instruments and components used to measure, control, analyze and isolate gases in semiconductor and other manufacturing processes. 
2292	ACTV	Hycor Biomedical, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are to develop, manufacture and sell medical and diagnostic products. the company focuses on the research, devel
2293	ACTV	Hypertension Diagnostics, Inc.	ME	The company is engaged in the design, development, manufacture and marketing of proprietary medical devices. this device non-invasively detect subtle 
2294	ACTV	H & Q Life Sciences Investors	MS	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
2295	ACTV	H&Q Healthcare Investors	MS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
2296	ACTV	Macatawa Bank Corporation	RB	The company is a bank holding company which owns all of the common stock of macatawa bank. the bank provides full range of commercial and consumer ban
2297	ACTV	Imperial Tobacco Group plc	TO	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things     
2298	ACTV	Lindsay Manufacturing Company	CA	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied capital things    
2299	ACTV	Hyseq, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company is research and development of biopharmaceutical products from the collection of novel genes discovered using 
2300	ACTV	Hot Topic, Inc.	RL	The principal activities of the group are the sale of music licensed and music influenced apparel, accessories and gift items for young men and women 
2301	ACTV	Mitek Systems, Inc.	SP	The company is a designer, manufacturer and marketer of advanced character recognition products for intelligent forms processing applications, documen
2302	ACTV	Leggett & Platt, Inc.	FF	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied cyclical consumer things       
2303	ACTV	Lubrizol Corporation	CM	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
2304	ACTV	Hotels.com	BS	Provides hotel accomodations services, through the internet and toll-free call center.     
2305	ACTV	i-CABLE Communications Limited	BC	Provides television programming services as well as cable and pay-per-view services; And provides internet access services. new registrant. 
2306	ACTV	JLM Couture, Inc.	AA	The principal activity of the group is designing, manufacturing and distributing bridal gowns, veils, bride maid gowns and related items.the company c
2307	ACTV	ICN Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different health care related things     
2308	ACTV	ICTS International N.V.	SS	Provides enhanced aviation security services primarily implementation of passenger risk evaluation and classification procedures, and pre-departure sc
2309	ACTV	IHOP Corporation	RS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
2310	ACTV	Image Entertainment, Inc.	MP	The group distributes programs on laserdisc under exclusive and nonexclusive license and wholesale distribution agreements. the exclusive titles curre
2311	ACTV	MIND C.T.I. Limited	SP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
2312	ACTV	LMI Aerospace, Inc.	AD	The principal activity of the company is fabricating, machining, finishing and integrating, formed close tolerance aluminum and specialty alloy compon
2313	ACTV	Macdermid, Inc.	CM	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
2314	ACTV	I-Flow Corporation	ME	The company designs, develops, manufactures and markets technically advanced and low-cost ambulatory infusion systems. the infusion system redefines t
2315	ACTV	Hancock Holding Company	RB	The principal activities of the group is to offer commercial, consumer and mortgare loan and deposit services to individuals and small to middle marke
2316	ACTV	Lumenis Limited	ME	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different health care related things     
2317	ACTV	Monsters, Inc.	EU	Monsters, Inc. (M.I.) is the largest scream processing factory in the greater Mostropolis area.     
2318	ACTV	Impreso, Inc.	OS	The principal activities of the company are: manufacturing and distributing various paper and film products. the product line consists of continuous c
2319	ACTV	Hanmi Financial Corporation	RB	The group''s principal activity is the provision of banking services to individuals and small to medium-sized businesses. the group has twelve full se
2320	ACTV	ImageX, Inc.	PP	Provides internet-based end-to-end business market maker for printed business materials, offering solutions that streamline the procurement process fo
2321	ACTV	Million Dollar Saloon, Inc.	RS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
2322	ACTV	Harbor Florida Bancshares, Inc	RB	The principal activities of the company are acceptance of deposits and origination one-to-four family first mortgage loans using these and other funds
2323	ACTV	IMAX Corporation	MP	Designs, manufactures and markets proprietary projection and sound systems for imax theatres and digital projector systems; Develops, produces, post-p
2324	ACTV	Indonesian Satelite Corporation	CU	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
2325	ACTV	Industrial Services of America, Inc.	WM	The company provides waste and recycling management services, scrap processing and brokering and equipment sales and services to commercial, retail an
2326	ACTV	Juniper Group, Inc.	BS	The company offers a wide range of healthcare and entertainment services. the company operates in two segments healthcare and entertainment and techno
2327	ACTV	Lockheed Martin	AD	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of really big items    
2328	ACTV	Material Sciences Corporation	MF	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
2329	ACTV	Harleysville Group, Inc.	IP	The principal activity of the group consists of property and casualty insurance business. the group of companies operate as a network of regional insu
2330	ACTV	Harleysville National Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group are the provision of full-service commercial banking and trust business through its subsidiary banks, harleysvil
2331	ACTV	Millea Holdings, Inc.	IP	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
2332	ACTV	Lamson & Sessions Company	EI	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
2333	ACTV	Landacorp, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the company is to provide strategic healthcare management solutions to healthcare delivery and payer organizations. the comp
2334	ACTV	LanOptics Limited	CN	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
2335	ACTV	Lante Corporation	SP	The principal activity of the group is the development of sophisticated technology-based solutions which enable emerging electronic markets, web site 
2336	ACTV	HFB Financial Corporation	RB	The bank is a federal savings bank holding company. the bank operates through its wholly-owned subsidiary home federal savings bank. the bank generate
2337	ACTV	Green Mountain Coffee, Inc.	FP	The activities of the company includes purchasing high-quality arabica coffee beans for roasting and distribution of the roasted coffee primarily in t
2338	ACTV	Infonet Services Corporation	CU	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
2339	ACTV	Lantronix, Inc.	CP	The company designs, develops and markets device servers that enable almost any electronic device to be accessed, managed, controlled, reprogrammed an
2340	ACTV	LanVision Systems, Inc.	CN	The company provides health care information access systems through the licensing of its electronic medical record software applications and the use o
2341	ACTV	Mikohn Gaming Corporation	CG	The company develops, manufactures and distributes technologically advanced progressive jackpot systems for use in gaming machines and table games. th
2342	ACTV	National Fuel Gas Company	NG	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy production a        
2343	ACTV	Lufkin Industries, Inc.	CA	The principal activities of the group are manufacturing, designing, distribution and provision of services for various types of oil field pumping unit
2344	ACTV	Mercer International, Inc.	PA	Owns and operates a bunch of different things        
2345	ACTV	Larscom, Inc.	CN	Develops, manufactures and markets broad range of high speed global internetworking solutions for network service providers, internet service provider
2346	ACTV	Kansas City Southern	RR	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied transportation things     
2347	ACTV	ImClone Systems, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the group is the research and development of therapeutic products for the treatment of cancer and cancer related disorders. 
2348	ACTV	Information Holdings, Inc.	PP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
2349	ACTV	LaserSight, Inc.	ST	The principal activity of the group is to develop, manufacture and market quality product technologies for laser refractive surgery and other areas of
2350	ACTV	Latitude Communications, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the group is the provision of enterprise e-conferencing solutions (the meetingplace system) that enable geographically dispe
2351	ACTV	Mid Atlanta Medical Services, Inc.	IA	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
2352	ACTV	M/I Schottenstein Homes, Inc.	CV	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of really big things        
2353	ACTV	Methanex Corporation	CM	The group's principal activity is the production and marketing of methanol which is produced from natural gas and is used to produce formaldehyde, ace
2354	ACTV	ImmuCell Corporation	BD	The company is a biotechnology company develops animal health products to expand its commercialized line of products for the use by diary and beef pro
2355	ACTV	Innkeepers USA	RE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
2356	ACTV	LION bioscience Aktiengesellschaft	CN	Not available.          
2357	ACTV	Lexar Media, Inc.	PG	The principal activities of the company include designing, developing and marketing of digital film and connectivity products for the digital photogra
2358	ACTV	Innotrac Corporation	BS	The company provides customized, technology based marketing support, fulfillment, call center and total customer relationship management services to l
2359	ACTV	Innovative Gaming Corporation of America	CG	The principal activities of the company are to manufacture and distribute multi-station blackjack, craps and roulette video gaming machines. the produ
2360	ACTV	Lawson Software, Inc.	SP	Provides enterprise software solutions that enhance financial, human resources and supply chain management by facilitating collaboration among custome
2361	ACTV	MGI Pharma, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company are acquiring, developing, and marketing differentiated, specialty pharmaceutical products and medical product
2362	ACTV	Gruma	FP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things     
2363	ACTV	Insight Communications Company, Inc.	BC	Owns, operates and manages cable television systems.         
2364	ACTV	Insignia Systems, Inc.	AE	The principal activities of the company are marketing in-store shelf-edge promotional programs and services to retailers and manufacturers. the compan
2365	ACTV	LeCroy Corporation	EI	The company develops, manufactures, sells and licenses signal acquisition and analysis products. the company's products capture and analyze complex el
2366	ACTV	Kellwood Company	AA	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of cyclical consumer goods     
2367	ACTV	M.D.C. Holdings, Inc.	CV	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of capita        
2368	ACTV	Millennium Chemicals, Inc.	CC	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
2369	ACTV	Insurance Auto Auctions, Inc.	BS	The principal activity of the group is the provision of cost-effective salvage processing solutions through a variety of different methods of sale, in
2370	ACTV	Legato Systems, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are the development, marketing and support of network storage management software products for heterogeneous cli
2371	ACTV	Mexican Restaurants, Inc.	RS	The company operates and franchises mexican theme restaurants providing casual dining to middle-income customers. the company operates 56 restaurants 
2372	ACTV	New Jersey Resources Corporation	NG	Owns and operates a bunch of different energy related things     
2373	ACTV	Immucor, Inc.	ME	The company develops, manufactures and markets a complete line of reagents and automated systems to detect and identify certain properties of the cell
2374	ACTV	Harleysville Savings Bank	SB	Harleysville savings financial corporation (formerly harleysville savings bank) is a bank holding company which operates through its wholly owned subs
2375	ACTV	LendingTree, Inc.	CS	The company provides internet based loan market place for consumers and lenders. it also provides access to other services related to owning, maintain
2376	ACTV	Home Depot, Inc.	HI	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
2377	ACTV	Harris & Harris Group, Inc.	MS	The group is a venture capital investment company, which operates as an internally managed investment company whereby its officers and employees, unde
2378	ACTV	Liberate Technologies	SP	The principal activity of the group is the provision of comprehensive software platform for delivering content, services application to a broad range 
2379	ACTV	Lifeline Systems, Inc.	CE	The activities of the group includes the provision of 24-hour personal response monitoring services to its subscribers, primarily to elderly people an
2380	ACTV	LightPath Technologies, Inc.	SM	The company is engaged in the production of collimator, isolator and precision molded aspheric optics used in the telecom components market, gradium(r
2381	ACTV	MetaSolv, Inc	SP	The principal activities of the company is the developing, delivering and supporting software designed to make it easier for communications service pr
2382	ACTV	Grupo Casa Saba, S.A. De C.V.	PH	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
2383	ACTV	Manitowoc Company, Inc.	CA	Owns and operates a bunch of different capital things        
2384	ACTV	Minerals Technologies, Inc.	CM	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
2385	ACTV	Immune Response Corporation (The)	BD	The principal activities of the company is developing of immune-based therapies. the company developes these therapies to induce specific immune respo
2386	ACTV	Knight Transportation, Inc.	TR	The company provides truck load carrier services by transporting consumer goods, packaged food stuffs, paper products and beverage containers. the com
2387	ACTV	Immunex Corporation	ME	The principal activities of the company are developing, discovering, manufacturing and marketing of innovative therapeutic products. the products incl
2388	ACTV	Harris Capital Corporation	MS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
2389	ACTV	Hawthorne Financial Corporation	SB	The prinicipal activities of the company includes accepting deposits and origination of real estate secured loans. the company operates through eight 
2390	ACTV	Lightspan, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group is the provision of curriculum based educational software and internet products and services used in schools and
2391	ACTV	Met Pro Corporation	MG	Owns and operates a bunch of different capital things        
2392	ACTV	Mississippi Chemical Corporation	CM	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
2393	ACTV	Immunomedics, Inc.	BD	The company is engaged in researching, developing, manufacturing and marketing biopharmaceutical products, particularly antibody-based diagnostics and
2394	ACTV	HCB Bancshares, Inc.	SB	The principal activities of the group include accepting deposits and providing credit to the general public. the group has one subsidiary service corp
2395	ACTV	Linear Technology Corporation	SM	The principal activities of the group are the design, manufacture and market of high performance linear integrated circuits. applications for the grou
2396	ACTV	Lincoln National Corporation	IL	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
2397	ACTV	Interep National Radio Sales, Inc.	BC	Provides national spot radio advertising.          
2398	ACTV	Interliant, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the company are to provide application services with a focused suite of outsourced e-business solutions. the company provi
2399	ACTV	Liquid Audio, Inc.	SP	The company provides an open platform that enables the digital delivery of music over the internet. the company's software products and services gives
2400	ACTV	Littelfuse, Inc.	EI	The principal activities of the group are the design, manufacture and sale of fuses and other circuit protection devices for use in the automotive, el
2401	ACTV	Meridian Gold, Inc.	GS	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
2402	ACTV	Niagara Mohawk Power Corporation	EU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the energy field      
2403	ACTV	Grupo Industrial Maseca	FP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique non-cyclical consumer items      
2404	ACTV	Kerr Mcgee Corporation	OO	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related items     
2405	ACTV	Impax Laboratories, Inc.	BD	The company is a development stage company engaged in the development, manufacture and marketing of solid oral generic prescription drugs. the company
2406	ACTV	Kopin Corporation	EI	The principal activities of the group are the development, manufacturing and selling of flat panel display devices and products and gallium arsenide d
2407	ACTV	Inamed Corporation	ME	The company develops, manufactures and markets medical devices for the plastic and reconstructive surgery and aesthetic medicine obesity markets. the 
2408	ACTV	International Aircraft Investors	BS	The group acquires used single-aisle jet aircraft for lease and sale to domestic and foreign airlines and other customers. the portfolio of the compan
2409	ACTV	International Game Technology	CG	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
2410	ACTV	International Speedway Corporation	RA	The principal activity of the company are the promotion of motorsports in the united states which include, 80 stock car, sports car, truck, motorcycle
2411	ACTV	Mercury Computer Systems	CH	The company designs, manufactures and markets high performance, real-time digital signal and image processing computer systems. these computer systems
2412	ACTV	LJ International, Inc.	JS	Holding company with subsidiaries which produce finished gemstones and fine quality gemstone jewelry; Manufacture, market and distribute gem set jewel
2413	ACTV	Incara Pharmaceuticals Corporation	BD	Incara pharmaceuticals corp. (formerly known as intercardia, inc.) discovers and develops therapeutics for the treatment of infalmmatory bowel disease
2414	ACTV	HealthExtras, Inc.	IA	The company markets customizable supplemental health and disability insurance programs through internet. the company uses both internally developed an
2415	ACTV	Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.	AE	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
2416	ACTV	Level 8 Systems, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the group is the provision of rapid business integration solutions for ebusiness and ecommerce. business integration solutio
2417	ACTV	Hemlock Federal Financial Corporation	SB	The principle activities of the group are the provision of banking services. the company originates primarily one-to-four family mortgage loans. the c
2418	ACTV	Interstate Hotels Corporation	HM	The company is a hotel management company. the company currently manages, leases and renders related services for 160 hotels with a total of 31,167 ro
2419	ACTV	IRT Property Company	RE	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
2420	ACTV	LivePerson, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the group is to provide technology to facilitate text-based chat to the companies with the internet users. the company offer
2421	ACTV	Mercator Software, Inc	SP	The principal activities of the group are providing software and services that help customers achieve speed, flexibility, efficiency and return on inv
2422	ACTV	Hain Celestial Group, Inc. (The)	FP	The principal activities of the group are the manufacturing, marketing, distribution and sale of natural, specialty, organic and snack food products u
2423	ACTV	Kestrel Energy, Inc.	OO	The principal activities of the company is the acquisition of interests in proved developed producing oil and gas leases, and exploratory and developm
2424	ACTV	Incyte Genomics, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are the design, development and marketing of genomic information-based products and services. the products and s
2425	ACTV	Heritage Commerce Corporation	RB	The bank is a multi-bank holding company for heritage bank of commerce, heritage bank east bay and heritage bank south valley. the bank offers commerc
2426	ACTV	Labranche & Co, Inc	IV	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
2427	ACTV	Temple-Inland, Inc.	CO	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different things    
2428	ACTV	Nicor, Inc.	NG	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
2429	ACTV	Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.	RM	The company performs a bunch of different capital stuff       
2430	ACTV	LSI Industries, Inc.	FF	The company operates in two business segments, image group and commercial/industrial lighting group. the image segment manufactures and sells exterior
2431	ACTV	MEDIWARE Information Systems, Inc.	CN	The principal activities of the company are to develop, implement and support clinical management information systems to the healthcare industry. the 
2432	ACTV	Morton Industrial Group, Inc.	MF	Holding company with subsidiaries which manufacture fabricated sheet metal components and subassemblies for off-highway construction, agricultural and
2433	ACTV	Inhale Therapeutic Systems, Inc.	ME	The principal activity of the company is the development of a drug delivery system to easily painlessly deliver a wide range of drugs, including pepti
2434	ACTV	Isle of Capris Casinos, Inc.	CG	The principal activities of the group are the development, ownership and operation of riverboat, dockside, cruise ships, hotels and restaurants; And e
2435	ACTV	iStar Financial, Inc.	RE	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
2436	ACTV	Home Loan Financial Corporation	SB	The company is a unitary thrift holding company operating through its subsidiary, the home loan savings bank. the group originates residential, mortga
2437	ACTV	Insmed, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company are developing and discovering pharmaceutical products for the treatment of metabolic and endocrine diseases a
2438	ACTV	Ito-Yokado Company Limited	GR	Holding company with subsidiaries which operate chain of superstores which sell broad range of food, clothing and household goods; Operate and franchi
2439	ACTV	ITT Educational Services, Inc.	SC	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
2440	ACTV	ITXC Corporation	CU	The principal activities of the company is to provide internet-based voice and fax services. the company provides services by allowing communication u
2441	ACTV	Medi-Hut Company, Inc.	ME	The company sells medical supplies,including insulin syringes,condoms, alcohol prep pads and hot and cold packs on a wholesale basis to drug wholesale
2442	ACTV	Kinder Morgan Energy Partners L.P	OI	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy     
2443	ACTV	Masisa SA	CX	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied capital things       
2444	ACTV	Makita Corporation	AT	Designs and manufactures electric power tools, including portable woodworking and general purpose tools, primarily saws, planers, drills, grinders and
2445	ACTV	J.W. Mays, Inc.	RE	The principal activities of the group is to own, lease and operate commercial real estate properties. the properties are leased to retail tenants and 
2446	ACTV	Lafarge North America Inc.	RM	Owns and operates a bunch of different capital things        
2447	ACTV	Industrias Bachoco, S.A. de C.V.	FL	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things     
2448	ACTV	Mueller Industries, Inc.	MF	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
2449	ACTV	J.C. Penney Company, Inc.	DD	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
2450	ACTV	J2 Global Communications, Inc	CU	Provides internet-based messaging and communications services which enable user's e-mail box to function as a single repository for all e-mail, fax an
2451	ACTV	Media Arts Group, Inc.	RL	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
2452	ACTV	LM Ericsson Telephone Company	CE	Designs, manufactures and distributes telecommunication systems and equipment, such as public telephone and telex switching systems, information proce
2453	ACTV	Logility, Inc.	SP	The company develops, markets and supports an integrated suite of business-to-business collaborative commerce software products. these products are de
2454	ACTV	Logitech International S.A.	CP	Holding company with subsidiaries which design, manufacture and market broad range of computer control devices, including mice, trackballs, touchpads,
2455	ACTV	LookSmart Limited	CS	The company provides global internet search infrastructure. the company builds and distributes search products in varying forms to partners and affili
2456	ACTV	Lakeland Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company is a holding company of lakeland bank. the bank provides trust services, personal, business and money market checking accounts, various ty
2457	ACTV	Nipsco Industries, Inc.	EU	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
2458	ACTV	Marisa Christina, Inc.	AA	The group designs, manufactures, sources and markets a broad line of high quality clothing for women under the marisa christina and adrienne vittadini
2459	ACTV	Instrumentarium Corporation	ME	Manufactures and sells broad line of anesthesia, critical care and specialized x-ray equipment; Distributes and retails hospital equipment and supplie
2460	ACTV	Jack in the Box, Inc.	RS	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
2461	ACTV	Meadow Valley Corporation	CV	The company is a holding company of meadow valley contractors, inc. (mvc) and ready mix, inc. (rmi). mvc are specialized in structural concrete used i
2462	ACTV	Magellan Petroleum Corporation	OO	The company sells oil and gas and explores and develops oil and gas reserves. the company's major assets are two petroleum production leases covering 
2463	ACTV	Nanophase Technologies Corporation	MF	The company develops and markets nanocrystalline materials. the product consists of metallic and ceramic materials with particles less than 100 nanome
2464	ACTV	Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation	BD	The principal activity of the company is to manufacture and market medical devices, implants and biomaterials. the company's operations consist of neu
2465	ACTV	Jameson Inns, Inc.	RE	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
2466	ACTV	Lennar Corporation	CV	The company performs a bunch of different capital stuff       
2467	ACTV	International Briquettes Holding	PH	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
2468	ACTV	InterDent, Inc.	HF	The group provides dental practice management services to dental professional corporations and associations. as of december 31, 2000, the group provid
2469	ACTV	Janus Hotels and Resorts, Inc.	HM	The company owns and manages hotels. the company has ownership interests in 15 hotels and manages 37 hotels. the owned hotels of the company are locat
2470	ACTV	JDN Realty Corporation	RE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
2471	ACTV	Mcdermott International, Inc.	OW	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
2472	ACTV	Marvel Enterpries Inc.	RP	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
2473	ACTV	Nevada Chemicals, Inc.	CM	Holding company with subsidiaries which manufacture, license and supply commercial mining explosives and related products, such as boosters, initiator
2474	ACTV	Jo-Ann Stores, Inc.	RL	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
2475	ACTV	Jones Lang Lasalle, Inc.	RE	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
2476	ACTV	Horizon Financial Corporation	SB	The company provides a wide range of mortgage lending and customer services through fifteen full service office facilities located in whatcom, skagit,
2477	ACTV	Interleukin Genetics, Inc.	HF	The principal activities of the group is developing and commercialising genetic diagnostic tests and medical research tools. the company develops and 
2478	ACTV	Jos. A. Bank Clothiers, Inc.	RT	The company is a retailer and cataloger of men's tailored and casual clothing and accessories. the company distributes these products under the jos.a.
2479	ACTV	Loudeye Corporation	SP	The company provides digital media infrastructure services and applications that create a broad solution for the media, entertainment and corporate ma
2480	ACTV	LSI Logic Corporation	SM	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
2481	ACTV	McAfee.com Corporation	SP	Provides internet destination site which allows users to repair, update, upgrade and manage their personal computers over the internet.   
2482	ACTV	Intermagnetics General Corporation	ME	The principal activities of the group are the developing and manufacturing of super conducting materials, electromagnetic components and cryogenic ref
2483	ACTV	Journal Register Company	PP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
2484	ACTV	JP Realty, Inc.	RE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
2485	ACTV	LTX Corporation	SM	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing and marketing automatic test equipment for the semiconductor industry. the company 
2486	ACTV	Lexmark International	CP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
2487	ACTV	Delta Natural Gas Company, Inc.	NG	The company distributes, transmits, stores and produces natural gas through facilities located in 23 counties in central and southeastern kentucky. th
2488	ACTV	International Multifoods Corporation	FP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique non-cyclical consumer items      
2489	ACTV	Masco Corporation	FF	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique cyclical consumer items   
2490	ACTV	Newmont Mining Corporation	GS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
2491	ACTV	MasTec, Inc.	CV	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of really big items    
2492	ACTV	InterMune, Inc.	BD	Develops and commercializes innovative products for the treatment of serious pulmonary and infectious diseases and congenital disorders.   
2493	ACTV	Keith Companies, Inc. (The)	BS	The company provides engineering and consulting services to the real estate development, public works and telecommunications industries. the company a
2494	ACTV	Kennedy-Wilson, Inc.	RE	The company provides real estate property management, brokerage and marketing services throughout the united states and in japan. the company also acq
2495	ACTV	Kilroy Realty Corporation	RE	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
2496	ACTV	Key Energy Services, Inc.	OW	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of energy related goods      
2497	ACTV	Introgen Therapeutics, Inc.	BD	The company develops gene therapy products for the treatment of cancer. the company's product combines the p53 gene, one of the most potent members of
2498	ACTV	Kmart Corporation	DD	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
2499	ACTV	Lucent Technologies, Inc.	CE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
2500	ACTV	Lumenon Innovative Lightwave Technology, Inc.	CE	The group designs and develops products related to the dense wavelength division multiplexing (dwdm) market and other optical (photonic) segments of t
2501	ACTV	Marsh Supermarkets, Inc.	GR	Operates supermarkets, fresh produce markets and convenience stores in indiana and ohio; Distributes wide range of grocery, cigarette, health and beau
2502	ACTV	Matsushita Electric Industrial Company Limited	AV	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of cyclical consumer goods     
2503	ACTV	NL Industries, Inc.	CM	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
2504	ACTV	Intuitive Surgical, Inc.	ME	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique health care related items       
2505	ACTV	Heritage Financial Corporation	SB	The principal activities of the company are providing commercial and saving bank services. the company operates through two wholly owned subsidiaries,
2506	ACTV	Libbey, Inc.	PH	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things     
2507	ACTV	ISIS Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the company is to discover and develop ribonucleic acid (rna)-based drugs for treatment of diseases. the company has develop
2508	ACTV	HF Financial Corporation	SB	The company is a bank holding company for home federal bank. the group's reportable segments are banking, credit card & other. the group accepts depos
2509	ACTV	Knight Ridder, Inc.	PP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
2510	ACTV	Macronix International Company, Ltd	SM	Designs, manufactures, markets and supplies nonvolatile memory integrated circuits including mask read-only memory, erasable programmable rom, flash m
2511	ACTV	Marriott International Inc.	HM	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
2512	ACTV	Jersey Central Power and Light Company	EU	Owns and operates a bunch of different energy related things     
2513	ACTV	Mattel, Inc.	RP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
2514	ACTV	NOVA Chemicals Corporation	CC	Owns and operates a bunch of different things        
2515	ACTV	Hibernia Corporation	RB	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
2516	ACTV	Johnson Controls, Inc.	EI	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
2517	ACTV	Isolyser Company, Inc.	ME	The company currently has two major operating units. orex technologies international (oti), a division of isolyser, focuses on the commercialization o
2518	ACTV	Hingham Institution for Savings	SB	The company provides a variety of financial services to individuals and small businesses through its offices in southeastern massachusetts. the bank's
2519	ACTV	Kohls Corporation	DD	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
2520	ACTV	Made2Manage Systems, Inc.	SP	The company develops, markets, licenses and supports comprehensive enterprise applications solution for small and midsize manufacturers. the company's
2521	ACTV	Marex, Inc.	AE	The company develops b2b e-commerce solution to address the marine industry's on line commerce needs. the company enables boat builders and other mari
2522	ACTV	Johnson & Johnson.	MD	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to health care       
2523	ACTV	Home Financial Bancorp	SB	The comapny is a holding company for owen community bank, s.b., a federally chartered savings bank. the group accepts deposits from the general public
2524	ACTV	Madge Networks, N.V.	CN	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide advanced internet-centric network services and products, and mission-critical enterprise solutions; Pr
2525	ACTV	Magic Software Enterprises Limited	SP	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
2526	ACTV	Liberty Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the company are accepting deposits from the general public and using such funds to originate one-to-four family residentia
2527	ACTV	Maxwell Shoe Company, Inc.	FO	The company designs, develops and markets casual and dress footwear for women and children. the company also designs and develops private label footwe
2528	ACTV	Novamerican Steel, Inc.	IS	Processes and distributes stainless steel, carbon steel and aluminum products and operates as an intermediary between primary metal producers and manu
2529	ACTV	Korea Thrunet Company Limited	CU	Provides high-speed internet services to residential customers and small and medium sized businesses in korea; And provides facilities based data comm
2530	ACTV	Magma Design Automation, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the company is providing design and implementation software that enables chip designers to reduce the time to design and pro
2531	ACTV	Marathon Oil Coporation	OO	The company performs a bunch of different energy related stuff        
2532	ACTV	Kendle International, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the company is to provide integrated clinical research services, including phase i through iv drug development on a contract
2533	ACTV	Korn Ferry International	BS	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
2534	ACTV	MakeMusic!, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the company is to develop and market music technology products designed for music learning, composition and make practicing 
2535	ACTV	Manhattan Associates, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group is the provision of technology-based solutions to improve supply chain effectiveness and efficiencies. the group
2536	ACTV	ICOS Vision Systems Corporation N.V.	SM	The principal activities of the company are the manufacture and distribution of vision systems for the inspection of semi-conductor back end and elect
2537	ACTV	NuCo2, Inc.	CM	The principal activities of the company are suppling of carbon dioxide to retail establishments for use in the carbonation and dispensing of fountain 
2538	ACTV	Kindred Healthcare, Inc.	HF	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different health care things        
2539	ACTV	KPMG Consulting, Inc.	BS	The company provides consulting services to global 2000 and fortune 1000 companies, small and medium-sized businesses, government agencies and other o
2540	ACTV	L90, Inc.	AE	The company provides marketing services for advertiser and web publishers. the company designs and implements advertising campaigns for its clients an
2541	ACTV	Manugistics Group, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the group is the provision of intelligent supply chain optimization solutions. software services and products provided inclu
2542	ACTV	Detroit Edison Company	EU	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
2543	ACTV	McClain Industries, Inc.	AM	The company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries manufactures and sells dump truck bodies and solid waste handling equipment. the dump truck bodies are a
2544	ACTV	KOS Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are engaged in the development of proprietary prescription products for the treatment of chronic cardiovascular 
2545	ACTV	HopFed Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The principal activities of the group include attracting deposits from the general public and investing these funds primarily in loans, investment and
2546	ACTV	Lynx Therapeutics, Inc.	BD	The company develops novel technologies for the discovery of gene expression patterns and genomic variations important to the pharmaceutical, biotechn
2547	ACTV	Horizon Bancorp	RB	The principal activities of the group are offering commercial and retail banking business, investment management services, commercial and personal pro
2548	ACTV	Household International, Inc.	CF	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
2549	ACTV	Labor Realty, Inc.	RE	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
2550	ACTV	Lakes Gaming, Inc.	CG	The company develops, constructs and manages casino properties that offer long term development of entertainment amenities including hotels, theaters,
2551	ACTV	Manpower, Inc.	BS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
2552	ACTV	Nucoal, Inc.	NM	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
2553	ACTV	HSBC Holding plc	MC	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
2554	ACTV	ManTech International Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the company are designing, developing, procuring, implementing, operating, testing and maintaining of mission-critical, en
2555	ACTV	MAPICS, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are developing, marketing, licensing and supporting business software which is marketed and delivered to manufac
2556	ACTV	J & J Snack Foods Corporation	FP	The principal activities of the group are manufacturing, marketing and distribution of nutritional snack foods and beverages to the food service and r
2557	ACTV	Miller Industries, Inc.	AM	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
2558	ACTV	Hudson United Bancorp	RB	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
2559	ACTV	Lamar Advertising Company	AE	Owns and operates outdoor advertising and logo structures; And designs and produces logo sign plates for customers.    
2560	ACTV	Landry's Restaurants, Inc.	RS	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
2561	ACTV	MainSource Financial Group, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the company are offering a broad range of financial services. the company accepts deposits, makes commercial and industria
2562	ACTV	Lands' End Inc.	CT	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
2563	ACTV	MapInfo Corporation	SP	Designs, develops, markets, licenses, and supports software and data products, application development tools, and industry-focused solutions and servi
2564	ACTV	Marconi plc	CE	Develops and supplies communication and data networking equipment to telephone companies; Provides internet services for public networks. new registra
2565	ACTV	Marimba, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are the development, marketing and support of internet-based software management solutions for e-business. these
2566	ACTV	Lyondell Chemical Company	OO	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different energy related things      
2567	ACTV	Octel Corporation	CM	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
2568	ACTV	LaQuinta Properties, Inc.	RE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
2569	ACTV	MarketWatch.com, Inc.	CS	The principal activity of the group is to provide web-based comprehensive, real-time, business news, financial programming and analytic tools. the com
2570	ACTV	Marvell Technology Group Limited	SM	The group''s principal activity is to design, develop and market integrated circuits for communication-related markets. the products of the group incl
2571	ACTV	Madison Bancshares Group Limited	RB	A one bank holding company providing a broad range of consumer and commercial deposit banking sevices through 9 branches. the services provided by the
2572	ACTV	Starrett L.S. Company	CO	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
2573	ACTV	Kentucky Power Company	EU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the energy field      
2574	ACTV	MITY Enterprises, Inc.	FF	The principal activity of the company is to design, manufacture and market innovative institutional furniture. the products of the company include mul
2575	ACTV	KV Pharmaceutical Company	BD	The company performs a bunch of different health care related stuff      
2576	ACTV	Integrated Device Technology, Inc.	SM	The company designs, develops, manufactures and markets a broad range of high-performance semiconductor products. applications for these products incl
2577	ACTV	Olympic Steel, Inc.	MF	The company processes and distributes flat-rolled carbon, stainless and tubular steel products. the company purchases flat rolled steel typically from
2578	ACTV	Kyphon Inc.	ME	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied health care things     
2579	ACTV	Lasalle Hotel Properties	RE	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
2580	ACTV	Laser-Pacific Media Corporation	MP	The company provides a broad range of post-production services to the hollywood motion picture film and television industry. the post-production servi
2581	ACTV	Madeco SA	MF	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
2582	ACTV	Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings	HF	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied health care things      
2583	ACTV	Humboldt Bancorp	RB	The comapny is a holding company for its wholly owned subsidiaries, humboldt bank, capitol valley bank and capitol thrift and loan. the company provid
2584	ACTV	Huntington Preferred Capital, Inc.	MS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
2585	ACTV	Leap Wireless International, Inc.	CU	The principal activities of the group are the deployment, ownership, operation and participation in wireless networks in domestic and international ma
2586	ACTV	Magna Entertainment Corporation	CG	Acquires, develops and operates horse racetracks and related pari-mutuel wagering operations. national account wagering business known as xpressbet-tm
2587	ACTV	Modine Manufacturing Company	AP	The principal activities of the group are marketing of heat-transfer and heat-storage technology serving vehicular, industrial, commercial, and buildi
2588	ACTV	Independence Community Bank Corporation	SB	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
2589	ACTV	MatrixOne, Inc.	SP	The company provides internet collaboration software products, which facilitates linking of geographically dispersed areas of business organizations. 
2590	ACTV	Mattson Technology, Inc.	SM	Designs, manufactures and markets advanced fabrication equipment used in semiconductor manufacturing.       
2591	ACTV	Mackie Designs, Inc.	AV	The group develops, manufactures, sells and supports professional audio equipment. the company's products are used in a wide variety of sound applicat
2592	ACTV	Lakeland Industries, Inc.	ME	The company manufactures safety garments and accessories for the industrial safety and protective clothing industries. the company's wholly owned subs
2593	ACTV	Independence Federal Savings Bank	SB	The company is a federal chartered bank originates funds in the form of deposits and other borrowings and invests the same in residential real estate 
2594	ACTV	Learning Tree International, Inc.	SC	The principal activities of the group are the development, marketing and delivers a broad, proprietary library of instructor-led course titles focused
2595	ACTV	Level 3 Communications, Inc.	CU	The principal activities of the group are communications, information services and coal mining businesses. the communications and information services
2596	ACTV	Interpool, Inc.	RN	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
2597	ACTV	NiSource, Inc.	NG	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of energy related th    
2598	ACTV	Langer, Inc.	ME	The company designs, manufactures and markets foot and gait-related biomechanical products. the company applies scientific and quantitative methods fo
2599	ACTV	Independence Holding Company	IL	The principal activities of the company are to provide life and health insurance products and services. through its wholly owned subsidiaries, standar
2600	ACTV	Maxim Integrated Products, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group consist of the designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing of linear and mixed-signal integrated circuits
2601	ACTV	Lydall, Inc.	TN	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied cyclical consumer things   
2602	ACTV	Masonite International Corporation	CX	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied capital things    
2603	ACTV	Independent Bank Corporation	RB	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
2604	ACTV	Entegris, Inc.	SM	The company provides a portfolio of materials management products that facilitate the safe handling, purity and precision processing of the critical m
2605	ACTV	Enterasys Networks, Inc.	CE	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
2606	ACTV	Max & Erma's Restaurants, Inc.	RS	The principal activity of the group is to own, operate and franchise a chain of restaurants under the trade name max & erma's - neighborhood gathering
2607	ACTV	Large Scale Biology Corporation	BD	The company develops proprietary technologies to develop products and establish commercial collaborations with pharmaceutical, biotechnology, chemical
2608	ACTV	IndyMac Bancorp, Inc.	SB	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
2609	ACTV	Entrada Networks, Inc.	CE	The company designs, manufactures and markets products that enable the transport of data from storage area networks (sans). the company's san transpor
2610	ACTV	eOn Communications Corporation	CE	Eon communications corporation (formerly known as cortelco systems, inc.) designs, develops and markets next generation communications communications 
2611	ACTV	Loudcloud, Inc.	CU	The group''s principal activities are to provide managed internet services for corporations and governmental agencies that operate mission-critical in
2612	ACTV	Laser Vision Centers, Inc.	HF	The principal activities of the company are providing access to excimer lasers,microkeratomes, other equipment, value added support services to eye su
2613	ACTV	ING Groep	IL	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
2614	ACTV	Epicor Software Corporation	CS	The principal activities of the group are the design, development, distribution and support of a broad range of client/server enterprise resource plan
2615	ACTV	EPIQ Systems, Inc.	SP	The company develops, markets, licenses and supports internally developed and proprietary software products for chapter 7 and chapter 13 bankruptcy tr
2616	ACTV	Input/Output, Inc.	ST	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
2617	ACTV	Midwest Express Holdings, Inc.	AR	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different transportation things      
2618	ACTV	Matrix Service Company	CV	The company provides on-site maintenance and construction services for the petroleum, energy, manufacturing, industrial gas, transportation, chemical,
2619	ACTV	OMNOVA Solutions, Inc.	CM	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
2620	ACTV	Laserscope	ME	The company manufactures, sells and services an advanced line of medical laser systems and related energy devices. the products are offered to medical
2621	ACTV	Loral Space & Communications Limited	EI	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
2622	ACTV	Initio, Inc.	MS	The company through its wholly-owned subsidiary, deerskin trading post, inc. was offering mail order retail sales of consumer products principally thr
2623	ACTV	InsWeb Corporation	IM	The company provides through its site a centralized interactive marketplace for insurance information and electronic quotation. the company operates a
2624	ACTV	Integra Bank Corporation	RB	The principal activity of the corporation is to provide financial services which includes various types of deposit accounts; Safe deposit boxes; Safe 
2625	ACTV	ePlus, Inc.	SP	The company sells, leases, finances and manages information technology assets, equipment and software and provides professional services. the company 
2626	ACTV	SkyWest, Inc.	AR	The principal activities of the group is to operate airlines through its wholly owned subsidiary skywest airlines, inc. skywest operates a regional ai
2627	ACTV	Northeast Utilities Systems	EU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related products   
2628	ACTV	LCA-Vision, Inc.	HF	The group develops and operates free-standing laser refractive surgery centres.the surgery centers provide facilities, equipment and support services 
2629	ACTV	Interchange Financial Services Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the company is to accept deposit accounts offered by the company include checking and savings accounts, money-market accou
2630	ACTV	Liberty Corporation	BC	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
2631	ACTV	Lone Star Technologies, Inc.	CX	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique capital goods    
2632	ACTV	Ontro, Inc.	CK	The operation of the company is the research and development of integrated thermal containers. the company has a unique proprietary technology which i
2633	ACTV	LecTec Corporation	ME	Lectec corporation designs, manufactures and markets diagnostic electrodes, conductive and non conductive adhesive hydrogels, medical tapes and patche
2634	ACTV	International Assets Holding Corporation	IV	The company is serving as a holding company for international assets advisory corp and other subsidiaries. the operations of the company are conducted
2635	ACTV	Liberty Livewire Corporation	BC	Performs post-production sound services and special visual effects for feature films, television series, commercials and music videos such as music re
2636	ACTV	JetBlue Airways Corporation	AR	Offers customers a differentiated product, with new aircraft, low-fare, low-cost, and high-quality service primarily on point-to-point routes, focusin
2637	ACTV	Lexicon Genetics Incorporated	BD	The principal activity of the company is involved in research, development and marketing of products and services related to functional genomics and d
2638	ACTV	International Bancshares Corporation	RB	The corporation is a bank holding company and functions through its subsidiaries who provide commercial and retail banking services through 100 main b
2639	ACTV	Liberty Property	RE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
2640	ACTV	LNR Property Corporation	RE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
2641	ACTV	Lifetime Hoan Corporation	PH	The principal activities of the company are designing, marketing and distribution of a broad range of household cutlery, kitchenware, cutting boards, 
2642	ACTV	Interstate National Dealer Services, Inc.	MS	The company designs, markets & administers service contracts & warranties for new & used motor vehicles. it also offers vehicle service contract and w
2643	ACTV	LoJack Corporation	SS	The principal activities of the group are developing and marketing of the lojack system and carsearch. the lojack system is a unique patented system d
2644	ACTV	ePresence, Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the group are the provision of e-services on leading-edge internet and directory technology which service offerings includ
2645	ACTV	MER Telemanagement Solutions Limited	CE	Designs, develops, markets and supports comprehensive line of telecommunication management solutions which enable business organizations and other ent
2646	ACTV	Maytag Corporation	AT	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
2647	ACTV	Optical Cable Corporation	MF	The company manufactures and markets fiber optic cables which are used in the transmission of data, video and audio communications over moderate dista
2648	ACTV	LifeCell Corporation	BD	The company develops and commercializes tissue regeneration and cell preservation products. the patented technologies of the company serves as a platf
2649	ACTV	Intervest Bancshares Corporation	RB	Multi-bank holding company with subsidiaries which perform commercial banking operations, mortgage banking and other related financial activities.  
2650	ACTV	Lone Star Steakhouse & Saloon, Inc.	RS	The principal activites of the company is ownership and operations of chain of mid-priced full service, casual dining restaurants in the united states
2651	ACTV	LESCO, Inc.	CM	The principal activities of the company is to manufacture and sell an extensive array of golf course and lawn care products which are marketed through
2652	ACTV	Lifecore Biomedical, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the company is to manufacture biomaterials & surgical devices for use in various surgical markets & to provide specialized c
2653	ACTV	IPC Holdings Limited	IP	Ipc holding, ltd. is a holding company, providing property, casualty, health and life insurance and related premium financing. the company provides re
2654	ACTV	Longs Drug Stores Corporation	DR	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
2655	ACTV	Lowes Companies, Inc.	HI	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
2656	ACTV	Information Architects Corporation	SP	The company offers dynamic content aggregation and syndication services for the internet. the company's aggregation and syndication solutions provide 
2657	ACTV	Northern Border Partners, L.P.	NG	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of energy related stuff      
2658	ACTV	MCN Industries	MG	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique capital goods    
2659	ACTV	LifePoint Hospitals, Inc.	HF	The group provides medical, surgical, diagnostic and emergency services. the group operates 21 general acute care hospitals with an aggregate of 1988 
2660	ACTV	Ipswich Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The company (formerly known as ipswich savings bank) attracts deposits from the public and uses those deposits to fund its commercial and residential 
2661	ACTV	LearningStar Corporation	BS	Integrates carefully selected products, helpful content and interactive tools with an intuitive and easy-to-use website to create and compelling and u
2662	ACTV	ITLA Capital Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group is to originate real estate loans secured by income producing properties. the company also acquires pools of sin
2663	ACTV	LTC Properties, Inc.	RE	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
2664	ACTV	Merge Technologies, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the company is to develop, market and support internet-based ehealth connectivity and information management solutions. th
2665	ACTV	Merisel, Inc.	CH	Holding company with subsidiaries which distribute and market microcomputer hardware, networking equipment and software products to computer resellers
2666	ACTV	McLaren Performance Technologies, Inc.	AP	The company (formerly known as mclaren automotive group, inc.) is a research and development company in the automotive industry. the company performs 
2667	ACTV	Ligand Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	Develops, manufactures and markets a variety of biological and pharmaceutical (s) products that address critical unmet medical needs of patients in th
2668	ACTV	J.P. Morgan Chase & Company	MC	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
2669	ACTV	Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The group is a bank holding company offering retail-banking services. the group operates in morgan, macoupin and montgomery counties, illinois. the gr
2670	ACTV	Luby's, Inc.	RS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
2671	ACTV	Learn2 Corporation	BS	The principle activities of the company is providing internet postage service that enables users to purchase, download and print internet postage dire
2672	ACTV	Meritage Corporation	CV	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of really big things        
2673	ACTV	Lincare Holdings, Inc.	HF	The principal activities of the group are offering oxygen, respiratory therapy services and infusion therapy services to the home health care market. 
2674	ACTV	JB Oxford Holdings, Inc.	IV	The principal activities of the group are the provision of brokerage and related financial services to retail customers and broker-dealers thoughout t
2675	ACTV	MedQuist, Inc.	CS	The principal activity of the group is the provision of medical transcription and data management services to the healthcare industry. services includ
2676	ACTV	La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company	BD	The company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of therapeutics for the treatment of life-threatening antibody-medi
2677	ACTV	JeffBanks, Inc.	RB	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
2678	ACTV	Mace Security International, Inc.	BS	The group operates full car wash facilities and also markets consumer safety and security products. the company along with its car wash service provid
2679	ACTV	Macerich Company	RE	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
2680	ACTV	Mentergy Limited	CS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
2681	ACTV	Lattice Semiconductor Corporation	SM	The company designs, develops and markets high performace programmable logical devices and related softwares. these devices are used in semiconductor 
2682	ACTV	NSTAR	EU	Owns and operates a bunch of different energy related things     
2683	ACTV	Jefferies Group, Inc.	IV	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
2684	ACTV	Mac-Gray Corporation	PS	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
2685	ACTV	eRoom System Technologies, Inc.	CE	The group''s principal activities are providing in-room computer platform and communications network or the eroomsystem for the lodging industry. the 
2686	ACTV	Todd Shipyards Corporation	WT	The company performs a bunch of different transportation related stuff    
2687	ACTV	Metal Storm Limited	AD	Researches and develops ballistics electronic firing system, which provides electronically programmable rates of fire from conventional to previosly u
2688	ACTV	Oregon Steel Mills, Inc.	IS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
2689	ACTV	Jefferson Pilot Corporation	IL	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
2690	ACTV	Mack Cali Realty Corporation	RE	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
2691	ACTV	LaSalle Real Estate Holdings Limited	RE	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
2692	ACTV	Mallon Resources Corporation	OW	The company develops, explores and produces oil and gas through its wholly owned subsidiary, mallon oil company. the company's oil and gas operations 
2693	ACTV	Jeffersonville Bancorp	RB	The principal activities of the company is the offering of a variety of deposit products for both individuals and businesses. the deposit products inc
2694	ACTV	Mechanical Technology, Inc.	EI	The principal activities of the company are manufacturing, developing, marketing and servicing of sensing instruments and computer-based balancing sys
2695	ACTV	Medicore, Inc.	EI	The company operates in three business segments: electro-mechanical, medical products and medical services. electro-mechanical segment manufactures el
2696	ACTV	Indevus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	Acquires, develops, and commercializes a diversified pharmaceutical portfolio of products including multiple compounds in late-stage clinical developm
2697	ACTV	Owens Illinois, Inc.	CK	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
2698	ACTV	John Nuveen Company	IV	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
2699	ACTV	Macrovision Corporation	MP	The principal activities of the company development and marketing of technologies to provide intellectual property rights management and copy protecti
2700	ACTV	Esco Techologies, Inc.	ST	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
2701	ACTV	Landstar System, Inc.	TR	The principal activities of the group are to provide transportation services through carrier, multimodal & insurance segments. carrier segment provide
2702	ACTV	Interstate Bakeries Corporation	FP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of non-cyclical consumer goods       
2703	ACTV	Metalclad Corporation	CX	The company provides insulation and asbestos abatement services primarily on the west coast. insulation services provided by the company include the i
2704	ACTV	Kansas City Life Insurance Company	IL	The company provides diversified portfolio of individual insurance, annuity and group products distributed primarily through numerous general agencies
2705	ACTV	Magal Security Systems Limited	SS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
2706	ACTV	Meadowbrook Insurance Group, Inc.	IP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
2707	ACTV	Mail-Well Holdings, Inc.	PR	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
2708	ACTV	Main Street and Main, Inc.	RS	The principal activities of the comany are developing and operating restaurants featuring a wide selection of high quality, freshly prepared popular f
2709	ACTV	MEMC Electronic Materials, Inc.	SM	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
2710	ACTV	Mentor Graphics Corporation	SP	The company manufactures, markets and supports software and hardware electronic design automation products, embedded systems software products. the co
2711	ACTV	Lance, Inc.	FP	The principal activities of the group are the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of a variety of snack foods including sandwich crackers, cooki
2712	ACTV	Sequa Corporation	CO	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
2713	ACTV	OGE Energy Corporation	EU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the energy field      
2714	ACTV	Maynard Oil Company	OI	The principal activity of the company is to acquire, explore, develop and sell crude oil and natural gas in the continental united states, primarily i
2715	ACTV	Pacer Technology	CM	Pacer technology manufactures and markets high performance adhesives, sealants and related products. these products are used in hobby, cosmetic, indus
2716	ACTV	Hudson River Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The principal activities of the bank are to attract deposits from customers, lend different types of loans and invest in various securities. the bank 
2717	ACTV	Metso Corporation	MG	The company performs a bunch of different capital stuff       
2718	ACTV	Malan Realty Investors, Inc.	RE	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
2719	ACTV	Management Network Group, Inc. (The)	BS	The principal activities of the group is to provide management consulting services to the global telecommunications and e-business industries, includi
2720	ACTV	Manufactured Home Communities, Inc.	RE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
2721	ACTV	Lancaster Colony Corporation	FP	The company operates in three business segments: specialty foods (includes the production and marketing of pourable and refrigerated produce salad dre
2722	ACTV	Marcus Corporation	HM	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
2723	ACTV	Margo Caribe, Inc.	PS	The company produces and distributes tropical and flowering plants and lawn and garden products. the company also develops sites for residendtial hous
2724	ACTV	Merant plc	SP	Supplies enterprise application development solutions designed to help customers transform their applications for changing technologies in the united 
2725	ACTV	Merix Corporation	EI	The activities of the group include manufacturing advanced electronic interconnect solutions for use in sophisticated electronic equipment. the compan
2726	ACTV	Trailer Bridge, Inc.	WT	The principal activity of the company is an integrated trucking and marine freight carrier that provides truckload freight transportation between the 
2727	ACTV	Pan American Silver Corporation	GS	The group's principal activities are mining, development and exploration for silver such as zinc, lead and copper, in peru, russia, mexico and bolivia
2728	ACTV	Marinemax, Inc.	RL	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
2729	ACTV	Mesa Laboratories, Inc.	ST	The company designs, develops, acquires, manufactures and markets electronic instruments and systems for industrial applications and hemodialysis ther
2730	ACTV	Metalink Limited	SM	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
2731	ACTV	LabOne, Inc.	HF	The company provides laboratory testing, investigative services and paramedical examinations for the insurance industry, laboratory-testing services f
2732	ACTV	McMoRan Exploration Company	OO	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
2733	ACTV	Mettler Toledo International, Inc.	MG	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied capital things       
2734	ACTV	Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Inc.	PP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
2735	ACTV	Matav Rt.	CU	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
2736	ACTV	Liqui-Box Corporation	CK	The company is a major producer of bag in box flexible packaging and related filling equipment systems for the beverage, processed foods, dairy, wine 
2737	ACTV	Kent Financial Services, Inc.	IV	The company provides services including buying and selling of securities, investment advisory and management services. the company operates through it
2738	ACTV	Maximus, Inc.	BS	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
2739	ACTV	eUniverse, Inc.	CS	The company operates a network of entertainment-related web sites focused on diversionary content and community offerings. the network of web sites co
2740	ACTV	Methode Electronics, Inc.	EI	Manufactures electronic components which connect, convey and control electrical energy, including connectors, interconnect devices, controls, printed 
2741	ACTV	Kyocera Corporation	SM	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
2742	ACTV	Ohio Edison Company	EU	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
2743	ACTV	Moore Corporation Limited	AP	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied cyclical consumer things   
2744	ACTV	KeyCorp	RB	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
2745	ACTV	May Department Stores Company	DD	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
2746	ACTV	Millipore Corporation	ST	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
2747	ACTV	MFRI, Inc.	MG	The company operates through subsidiaries, midwesco filter, perma-pipe and thermal care. midwesco filter manufactures and sells filter elements for us
2748	ACTV	Kirlin Holding Corporation	IV	The principal activities of the company include securities brokerage, securities trading and investment, merchant banking, money management and e-comm
2749	ACTV	Mazel Stores, Inc.	RL	The company consists of two complementary operations:(i)a major regional closeout retail business; And(ii)the nation's largest closeout wholesale busi
2750	ACTV	McClatchy Company (The)	PP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
2751	ACTV	K-Swiss Inc.	FO	Designs, develops and markets high performance and casual athletic footwear; And markets apparel and accessories, such as tennis warm-ups, skirts, sho
2752	ACTV	Merdian Resource Corporation	OO	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different energy    
2753	ACTV	Lipid Sciences, Inc.	BD	Seeks potential business opportunities.      
2754	ACTV	Knight Trading Group, Inc.	IV	The company offers to buy or sell securities to broker-dealer and institutional clients. the services are offered through proprietary trading methodol
2755	ACTV	Lakeland Financial Corporation	RB	A bank holding company providing commercial banking services including checking accounts, savings accounts, time deposits, commercial and agricultural
2756	ACTV	Horizon Health Corporation	HF	The principal activity of the group is the provision of employee assistance plans and mental health services to business and managed care organization
2757	ACTV	LandAmerica Financial Group, Inc.	IP	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
2758	ACTV	McGrath RentCorp	RN	The company operates under three business segments:mobile modular management corporation (mmmc), modular building rental group, rentelco, electronic t
2759	ACTV	McGraw-Hill Companies	PP	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
2760	ACTV	McLeodUSA, Inc.	CU	The principal activities of the group are the provision of communications services to business and residential customers in the midwestern and rocky m
2761	ACTV	Kroger Company	GR	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
2762	ACTV	Monaco Coach Corpration	MH	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of really big items    
2763	ACTV	Landmark Bancorp, Inc.	SB	Savings and loan holding company with subsidiaries which perform savings bank operations, mortgage banking services, leasing, and other related financ
2764	ACTV	Metrologic Instruments, Inc.	CP	The company designs, manufactures and markets bar code scanning and high-speed automated data capture solutions using laser, holographic and vision-ba
2765	ACTV	Metron Technology N.V.	SM	Holding company with subsidiaries which manufacture and sell a wide range of materials and equipment to the semiconductor industries, including wafer 
2766	ACTV	Mirae Corporation	SM	Manufacters and sells lead frame magazines, handlers and products related to machine tools.       
2767	ACTV	Ohio Power Company	EU	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
2768	ACTV	Laurel Capital Group, Inc.	SB	Laurel capital group, inc. is a bank holding company of laurel savings bank. the bank is a federal savings bank, which attracts deposits from the gene
2769	ACTV	MediaBay, Inc.	CT	The group markets and sells audiobooks through audiobook membership club by mailorder, media advertising and via internet. the group's books are liter
2770	ACTV	Micrel, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are the designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing of analog and mixed-signal semiconductor devices. the
2771	ACTV	Krispy Kreme Doughnuts	RS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
2772	ACTV	Metretek Technologies, Inc.	OW	The company provides products and services to the natural gas utility industries. the company along with its subsidiaries provides natural gas measure
2773	ACTV	Leeds Federal Bankshares, Inc.	SB	Leeds federal bancshares, inc. operates through its subsidiary leeds federal savings bank. the bank is a federally-chartered savings bank that attract
2774	ACTV	Micro Component Technology, Inc.	ST	The company designs, manufactures, markets, services and distributes automatic test equipment. such equipments comprises of handling and testing equip
2775	ACTV	Micro General Corporation	CS	The company provides telecommunication services, information technology services and electronic commerce business solutions for financial and real est
2776	ACTV	McDonald's Corporation	RS	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
2777	ACTV	Moore-Handley, Inc.	CA	The principal activities of the company is distributing hardware and building material products to retail home centers, hardware stores, building mate
2778	ACTV	Leesport Financial Corporation	RB	The principal activity of the group is offering of commercial and consumer banking services. the services provided by the group include accepting of d
2779	ACTV	Micro Linear Corporation	SM	The company designs, develops and markets analog and mixed signal integrated circuits for communications, computers and industrial markets. these prod
2780	ACTV	Microchip Technology, Inc.	SM	The company develops and manufactures specialized semiconductor products used for a wide variety of embedded control applications. the company offers 
2781	ACTV	Koss Corporation	AV	The company designs, manufactures and sells stereo headphones, audio/video loudspeakers and related accessory products for home entertainment segment 
2782	ACTV	Legg Mason, Inc.	IV	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
2783	ACTV	Micron Technology, Inc.	SM	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
2784	ACTV	Micros Systems, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing, marketing and servicing of enterprise information solutions for the global hospita
2785	ACTV	Micros to Mainframes, Inc.	CP	The company sells, installs and services microcomputers, microcomputer products which include the design and implementation of wide area network and l
2786	ACTV	Mohawk Industries, Inc.	TN	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied cyclical consumer things       
2787	ACTV	Luxottica Group	ME	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique health care related items       
2788	ACTV	Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc.	IV	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
2789	ACTV	Microsemi Corporation	SM	The principal activity of the group is the supply of power management, power conditioning, transient suppression and rf/microwave semiconductor device
2790	ACTV	Microsoft Corporation	SP	The company develops, manufactures, licenses and supports software products for computing devices. the company's core groups are: the business groups;
2791	ACTV	KLM Royal Dutch Airlines	AR	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique transportation related items     
2792	ACTV	Miller Exploration Company	OO	The company explores, develops and produces crude oil and natural gas. the company's exploration efforts are carried on primarily in mississippi, texa
2793	ACTV	NACCO Industries, Inc.	MG	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique capital goods    
2794	ACTV	Lexington B & L Financial Corporation	SB	The company is a community oriented financial holding institution, which operates through its subsidiary b & l bank. the bank provides a variety of fi
2795	ACTV	Liberte Investors, Inc.	MS	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
2796	ACTV	Honda Motor Company Limited	AM	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
2797	ACTV	Otter Tail Corporation	EU	The principal activities of the group are the production of polyvinyl chloride pipe, agricultural equipment, automobile and truck frame straightening 
2798	ACTV	MacroChem Corporation	BD	The principal activities of the company are developing and licensing of transdermal drug delivery compounds and systems intended to promote the delive
2799	ACTV	Life Financial Corporation	IV	A savings and loan holding company originates, purchases, sells, securitizes and services primarily non-conventional mortgage loans secured by first a
2800	ACTV	MemberWorks, Inc.	AE	The principal activity of the group is the design and management of innovative membership programs that offer services and discounts on everyday needs
2801	ACTV	Kimco Realty Corporation	RE	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
2802	ACTV	Magellan Health Services, Inc.	HF	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of health care related products       
2803	ACTV	Lincoln Bancorp	SB	The company is a bank holding company. the company attracts deposits from the general public and originates fixed rate and adjustable rate loans secur
2804	ACTV	MicroStrategy, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group is to provide intelligent e-business software and related services that enable the transaction of one-to-one ele
2805	ACTV	Microtune, Inc.	SM	The group''s principal activities are designing, manufacturing and marketing of high performance radio frequency based solutions for the global broadb
2806	ACTV	Nara Bancorp, Inc.	RB	Performs commercial banking operations, international banking, leasing, credit card services and other related financial activities.     
2807	ACTV	National Oilwell, Inc.	MG	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of really big things        
2808	ACTV	Parker Hannifin Corporation	MF	Owns and operates a bunch of different things        
2809	ACTV	Mannatech, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the company is to develop and sell proprietary nutritional supplements and topical products through a network worldwide netw
2810	ACTV	Meredith Corporation	PP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
2811	ACTV	Kewaunee Scientific Corporation	ST	The principal activities of the company are to conduct galvanizing and coating operations through its wholly owned subsidiary, north american galvaniz
2812	ACTV	John B. Sanfilippo & Son, Inc.	FP	Processes, packages, markets and distributes shelled and inshell nuts; And manufactures, markets and distributes peanut butter, candy, confections, na
2813	ACTV	Mission Resources Corporation	OO	Explores for, develops, produces and operates oil and natural gas properties.     
2814	ACTV	Meristar Hospitality Corporation	RS	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
2815	ACTV	Meristar Hotels & Resorts, Inc.	RE	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
2816	ACTV	Homestead Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The company is a bank holding company for ponchatoula homestead savings, f.a. the company was formed for the purpose of holding all of the capital sto
2817	ACTV	NCI Building Systems, Inc.	CV	Owns and operates a bunch of different capital things        
2818	ACTV	Peak International Limited	CK	Holding company with subsidiary which manufactures precision engineered packaging products for storage, transportation and automated handling of semic
2819	ACTV	Manor Care, Inc.	HF	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to health care       
2820	ACTV	META Group, Inc.	BS	The principal activity of the group is the provision of research and analysis of developments, trends and organisational issues relating to the comput
2821	ACTV	Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The group''s principal activity is to develop and commercialize clinical compounds and core technologies for the life sciences. the group is in the de
2822	ACTV	Peco Energy Company	EU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related products   
2823	ACTV	Metro International S.A.	PP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
2824	ACTV	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.	MP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
2825	ACTV	Microvision, Inc.	ST	The principal activities of the group are to develop information display and related technologies that allow electronically generated images and infor
2826	ACTV	Nature's Sunshine Products, Inc.	FP	The principal activities of the group are manufacturing and marketing of nutritional and personal care products. the company manufactures 500 line of 
2827	ACTV	Newpark Resources, Inc.	CL	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy     
2828	ACTV	MGM Grand, Inc	HM	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
2829	ACTV	Microwave Filter Company, Inc.	EI	Microwave filter company, inc. operates in two industry segment through its subsidiaries. the company designs, develops, manufactures and sells electr
2830	ACTV	Midway Games, Inc.	SP	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
2831	ACTV	Kelly Services, Inc.	BS	Provides temporary staffing services, including office clerical, marketing, semi-skilled light industrial services, engineering, information technolog
2832	ACTV	New Corporation Limited	MG	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to capital goods      
2833	ACTV	Pechiney	MM	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
2834	ACTV	Mikron Instrument Company, Inc.	ST	The principal activities of the company is developing, manufacturing, marketing and servicing of temperature measurement equipment and instruments. th
2835	ACTV	Millennium Cell, Inc.	EI	The company develops a patented alternative energy source based on boron chemistry. the company is in development stage. the company's proprietary sys
2836	ACTV	Mediacom Communications Corporation	BC	Acquires and operates cable television systems, focused on providing entertainment, information and telecommunications services in non-metropolitan ma
2837	ACTV	Martek Biosciences Corporation	BD	The company develops, manufactures & sells nutritional products, drug design tools, diagnostics and pharmaceuticals from microalgae.the company's prod
2838	ACTV	Litchfield Financial Corporation	MS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
2839	ACTV	Miltope Group, Inc.	CP	The principal activity of the company is to design, develop, manufactures and test computers and computer peripheral equipment for military, rugged an
2840	ACTV	MIPS Technologies, Inc.	CH	Designs and develops high-performance 32- and 64-bit microprocessor intellectual property for embedded systems applications; Offers digital media proc
2841	ACTV	Jupiter Media Metrix, Inc.	AE	The principal activities of the group are the provision of innovative and comprehensive research and measurement products and services that analyze th
2842	ACTV	Matria Healthcare, Inc.	HF	The principal activities of the group are it provides integrated disease management sevices to patients, physicians, health plans and employers. the c
2843	ACTV	LML Payment Systems, Inc.	CF	Holding company with subsidiaries which design and provide checkwriting point-of-sale system; Operate a central database and authorization system, adm
2844	ACTV	Misonix, Inc.	ST	The company designs, manufactures and markets ultrasonic medical devices. the company also developsand markets ultrasonic equipment for use in the sci
2845	ACTV	Mobius Management Systems, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the group is offering of enterprise software products. the products are designed to provide network and web based access pre
2846	ACTV	Navigant International, Inc.	PS	The company provides corporate travel management services and other travel services in the united states, canada, united kingdom and brazil. the compa
2847	ACTV	Nexen, Inc.	OO	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different energy related things      
2848	ACTV	Newhall Land & Farming Company	CV	The company performs a bunch of different capital stuff       
2849	ACTV	Penford Corporation	CM	The company develops, manufactures and markets carbohydrate-based specialty ingredient systems for industrial and food applications. the principal pro
2850	ACTV	Matritech, Inc.	BD	The company develops, produces and distributes products for the diagonsis and potential treatment of cancer. the products are based on proprietary nuc
2851	ACTV	Juno Lighting, Inc.	EI	The principal activities of the group are the design, manufacture, and marketing of a full line of recessed and track lighting fixtures for use in new
2852	ACTV	Peoples Energy Corporation	NG	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of energy related stuff      
2853	ACTV	LNB Bancorp, Inc.	RB	A bank holding company, which offers a full range of bank products and services through its subsidiary, lorain national bank. these services include w
2854	ACTV	Local Financial Corporation	RB	The bank is a holding company which provides commercial banking and related services. the bank conducts business through fifty one branch offices loca
2855	ACTV	MOCON, Inc.	ST	The company develops, manufactures and markets measurement, analytical, monitoring, sample preparation and consulting products used to detect, measure
2856	ACTV	Home City Financial Corporation	SB	The principal activities of the group includes a variety of financial services to individuals and corporate customers through its office in springfiel
2857	ACTV	Pentair, Inc.	CO	Owns and operates a ton of things all related to some type of stuff      
2858	ACTV	Penn Engineering & Manufacturing Corporation	MF	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
2859	ACTV	Maxim Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	Researches and develops therapy products and vaccines for the prevention and treatment of cancer and infectious diseases.      
2860	ACTV	Molecular Devices Corporation	ST	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, manufacturing, selling and servicing of high performance, bioanalytical measurement s
2861	ACTV	Jilin Chemical Industrial Company Limited	OO	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
2862	ACTV	Newmark Homes Corporation	CV	The company through its subsidiaries designs, builds and sells single family detached homes. the company offers high-quality homes, designed principal
2863	ACTV	Maxygen, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company are the development and application of proprietary directed molecular evolution technologies, also known as mo
2864	ACTV	Motorola, Inc.	CE	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
2865	ACTV	MRO Software, Inc.	SP	Develops, markets and supports enterprise-wide client/server applications software for use in maintaining facilities, systems and production equipment
2866	ACTV	Netflix, Inc.	RA	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
2867	ACTV	MSC.Software Corporation	SP	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
2868	ACTV	M-Systems Flash Disk Pioneers Limited	CD	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
2869	ACTV	MTI Technology Corporation	CD	The principal activities of the group is to design, develop, manufacture and support integrated products and services that provide customers with hard
2870	ACTV	MTS Systems Corporation	ST	The company is a technology-based, market-driven company providing hardware, software and engineering services to researchers, designers and manufactu
2871	ACTV	JAKKS Pacific, Inc.	RP	The principal activities of the group are the development, production and marketing of toys and children's electronic products, some of which are base
2872	ACTV	PennEngineering	MF	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
2873	ACTV	Medarex, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the company is developing, manufacturing and marketing therapeutic products. the therapeutic products are helpful for the tr
2874	ACTV	Multilink Technology Corporation	SM	Designing, developing, and marketing integrated circuits, modules and assemblies that enable next generation optical networking systems.   
2875	ACTV	M-WAVE, Inc.	EI	The principal activity of the company is to manufacture microwave frequency components and high frequency circuit boards on teflon-based laminates. th
2876	ACTV	Merck & Company, Inc.	MD	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied health care things      
2877	ACTV	Nobility Homes, Inc.	CV	The company designs, manufactures and sells a broad line of manufactured homes. the company's manufactured homes are available in approximately 100 ac
2878	ACTV	Loews Corporation	IP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
2879	ACTV	Logansport Financial Corporation	SB	A unitary savings and loan holding company which provides consumer and commercial financial services through its subsidiary, logansport saving bank. t
2880	ACTV	Nam Tai Electronics, Inc.	OE	Holding company with subsidiaries which design, develop, manufacture, assemble and sell calculators, personal organizers and linguistic products, and 
2881	ACTV	Irvine Sensors Corporation	AD	The company and its subsidiaries develop proprietary technologies to produce compact packages of solid state microcircuitry. the company develops prot
2882	ACTV	PG&E Corporation	EU	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy production a        
2883	ACTV	London Pacific Group Limited	IV	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
2884	ACTV	Microcell Telecommunications, Inc.	CU	Provides internet and personal communication services; Operates a high-speed internet protocol-based data network; And invests in different wireless o
2885	ACTV	Nanogen, Inc.	ST	The principal activity of the group is the development of products which integrate advanced microelectronics and molecular biology into a platform tec
2886	ACTV	New Hampshire Thrift Bancshares, Inc.	SB	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
2887	ACTV	Placer Dome, Inc.	GS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
2888	ACTV	Microfinancial, Inc.	RN	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
2889	ACTV	Middle America Apartments	RE	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
2890	ACTV	Nanometrics, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing, marketing and supporting of thin film metrology systems for the semiconductor, fla
2891	ACTV	Invivo Corporation	ME	The company designs, manufactures and markets sensor-based instruments for the medical devices, safety and industrial process control markets. the com
2892	ACTV	Mid-Amer Apt Communities, Inc.	RE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
2893	ACTV	Nashua Corporation	OE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
2894	ACTV	National Instruments Corporation	CP	The principal activities of the group are design, development, manufacture and marketing of instrumentation and automation software and hardware for c
2895	ACTV	National Semiconductor Corporation	SM	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
2896	ACTV	Hitachi	MG	Distributes and leases complete line of technologically advanced singlehead and multihead embroidery equipment, supplies and accessories; Develops and
2897	ACTV	John H. Harland Company	OS	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
2898	ACTV	Polymer Research Corporation of America	FR	The principal activity of the company is research and development in polymer chemistry, on a contract basis, particularly in the application of chemic
2899	ACTV	Midas Group, Inc.	BS	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
2900	ACTV	Middleton Doll Company (The)	RE	Holding company with subsidiaries which design and manufacture lifelike collectible and play dolls.   
2901	ACTV	Intuit, Inc.	SP	The company provides small business, tax preparation and personal finance software products and web-based services that simplify complex financial tas
2902	ACTV	LSB Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group are the provision of banking and other financial services. the company operates through a subsidiary bank and tw
2903	ACTV	MIH Limited	CU	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
2904	ACTV	Navarre Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the company are distributing music, software, interactive cd-rom products, and dvd videos. the products are sold to wholes
2905	ACTV	Navidec, Inc.	CS	The company enables fortune 1000 customer to address their e-commerce intitatives. the company develops component based open systems solutions. out of
2906	ACTV	New York Community Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The principal activities of the group (formerly known as queens county bancorp inc) is attracting retail deposits from general public and investing th
2907	ACTV	Piedmont Natural Gas Company, Inc.	NG	Owns and operates a bunch of different energy related things     
2908	ACTV	Noble Affiliates, Inc.	OW	The company performs a bunch of different energy related stuff        
2909	ACTV	Millicom International Cellular S.A.	CU	Develops and operates cellular telephone networks in emerging markets; Owns and operates multinational automated clearing house; And owns interets in 
2910	ACTV	Mills Corporation	RE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
2911	ACTV	inTest Corporation	EI	The company designs, manufactures and markets manipulator and docking hardware products, temperature management products and tester interface products
2912	ACTV	Pope Resources	FW	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
2913	ACTV	MindArrow Systems, Inc.	BS	The company creates, delivers and tracks targeted multimedia communications over the internet. the technology helps the company's clients to build str
2914	ACTV	NaviSite, Inc.	CS	Provides business critical internet outsourcing solutions, specializing in high-end web hosting and application services for companies conducting busi
2915	ACTV	NCR Corporation	CS	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
2916	ACTV	Hilton Hotels Corporation	HM	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
2917	ACTV	Jones Soda Company	BN	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
2918	ACTV	NDS Group plc	CE	Provides conditional access software systems and interactive systems to digital pay-tv broadcasters and set-top box manufacturers, offering open and f
2919	ACTV	Neoforma, Inc.	CS	The company is engaged in providing healthcare supply solutions. the company builds and operates internet marketplaces that empower healthcare trading
2920	ACTV	NeoMagic Corporation	SM	The principal activities of the group are the design, development and markets of high-performance semiconductor solutions for sale to original equipme
2921	ACTV	Intertape Polymer Group, Inc.	CK	Owns and operates a bunch of different things        
2922	ACTV	MedCath Corporation	HF	The company designs, develops, owns and operates hospitals in partnership with cardiologists and cardiovascular surgeons. the company also provides co
2923	ACTV	LSB Corporation	SB	Savings and loan holding company with subsidiary which perform savings bank operations, mortgage banking and other related financial activities. new r
2924	ACTV	LSB Financial Corporation	SB	The principal activity of the group is offering of savings bank services. the group generates mortgage and consumer loans and receives deposits from c
2925	ACTV	NEON Systems, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are developing, marketing and supporting software products that allow the group's customers to rapidly deploy ne
2926	ACTV	Newscorp Overseas Limited	BC	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
2927	ACTV	North Coast Energy, Inc.	OO	The company explores, develops and produces oil and gas. the company acts as operator and general contractor for drilling and production operations. t
2928	ACTV	M&T Bank Corporation	RB	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
2929	ACTV	Neoware Systems Inc.	CH	Neoware systems, inc. provides software and solutions for the emerging information appliance market. information appliances are the new generation of 
2930	ACTV	Net Perceptions, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the group is the provision of real time personalization and precision marketing software solutions for internet and multi-ch
2931	ACTV	Intertan, Inc.	TH	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
2932	ACTV	Medical Action Industries, Inc.	ME	The company develops, manufactures and distributes a variety of surgical related products. the main products of the company are laparotomy sponges, op
2933	ACTV	M. H. Meyerson & Company, Inc.	IV	The company is a registered securities broker-dealer and market maker of securities listed on nasdaq and otc. the operations of the company are conduc
2934	ACTV	Netezza	CH	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
2935	ACTV	netGuru, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are the provision of internet-based information technology, or it, services to companies worldwide; Internet and
2936	ACTV	Merry Land Properties, Inc.	RE	The principal activities of the company are operating and developing real estate primarily in the apartment industry. the company also provides third 
2937	ACTV	Pinnacle West Capital Corporation	EU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the energy field      
2938	ACTV	Kellogg Company	FP	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
2939	ACTV	MedicalCV, Inc.	ME	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different health care things        
2940	ACTV	MACC Private Equities, Inc.	MS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
2941	ACTV	International Electronics, Inc.	SS	International electronics, inc. designs, manufactures, markets and sells electronic products. products are used in the security industry and other com
2942	ACTV	Mossimo, Inc.	AA	The principal activities of the group:the group manufactures and distributes men and women's apparel through target stores in the united states. the g
2943	ACTV	MAF Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The principal activities of the group is primarily attracting deposits from the general public and using such deposits, along with other borrowings, t
2944	ACTV	NetIQ Corporation	SP	The principal activity of the group is to provide ebusiness infrastructures management software that enable organizations to optimize the performance 
2945	ACTV	NetManage, Inc.	SP	The company provides full range of specific personal computer and network or application server-based software tools. the company markets software and
2946	ACTV	Nextel Communications, Inc.	CU	Provides wide array of digital and analog wireless communication services, including mobile telephone and two-way radio dispatch, paging and alphanume
2947	ACTV	NuWay Energy, Inc.	OW	The group is a slot machine rental and remanufacturing and cigar producing company. the company purchases used slot machines and refurnishes before re
2948	ACTV	Medicines Company (The)	BD	The principal activities of the company are acquiring, developing and commercializing the late-stage development drugs. the company received an approv
2949	ACTV	Mahaska Investment Company	IV	The principal activities of the company are offering retail and commercial banking and related financial services through its four subsidiaries. the s
2950	ACTV	NetNation Communications, Inc.	CS	The company is an application service provider (asp) and an application infrastructure provider (aip). the company provides web-site hosting, domain n
2951	ACTV	INTERLINQ Software Corporation	SP	Interlinq software corporation develops, markets and sells software for the mortgage lending industry. the mortgage technology division of the company
2952	ACTV	National Presto Industries, Inc.	AT	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
2953	ACTV	POSCO	IS	Owns and operates a bunch of different things        
2954	ACTV	Medicis Pharmaceutial Corporation	BD	The company performs a bunch of different health care related stuff      
2955	ACTV	Main Street Banks, Inc.	RB	The company (formerly first sterling banks, inc)is a multi-bank holding company operating through its subsidiaries: main street bank and williamson, m
2956	ACTV	Green Mountain Power Corporation	EU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the energy field      
2957	ACTV	MedSource Technologies, Inc.	ME	The group''s principal activity is to provide engineering and manufacturing services to the medical devices industry. the group provides product devel
2958	ACTV	Major Automotive Companies, Inc.	MS	Holding company with subsidiaries which develop, manufacture, market, sell and service proprietary computer software and hardware which offer users a 
2959	ACTV	NetScout Systems, Inc.	CN	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing, developing, marketing and supporting a family of products such as proactive manage
2960	ACTV	NetScreen Technologies, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the company are to develop, market and sell a broad family of network security systems and appliances that deliver high pe
2961	ACTV	Interland, Inc.	CU	Develops, markets, manufactures, and provides business-class web hosting solutions for small and medium size enterprise markets, with world-class infr
2962	ACTV	Kirin Brewery Company Limited	BA	Brews and markets beer; Produces soft drinks; Operates restaurants; And holds various investments in electrical and engineering companies.  
2963	ACTV	Manulife Financial Corporation	IL	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
2964	ACTV	Markel Corporation	IP	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
2965	ACTV	Netsmart Technologies, Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the company are designs, develops markets and implements management information systems for the behavioral healthcare indu
2966	ACTV	Nexus Telocation Systems Limited	CU	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
2967	ACTV	OAO Technology Solutions, Inc.	OO	The company is a global enterprise-wide integrator of information technology solutions. the company provides a wide range of outsourced information te
2968	ACTV	Natuzzi S.P.A.	FF	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique cyclical consumer items   
2969	ACTV	Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan, Inc.	NM	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
2970	ACTV	Medstone International, Inc.	ME	The company manufactures, markets and maintains lithotripters. the company offers lithotripsy services on a fee-per-procedure basis in both fixed and 
2971	ACTV	Interactive Systems Worldwide, Inc.	CN	Designs and develops interactive, proprietary, pc-based computer systems which enable users to wager during the course of a sporting event, including 
2972	ACTV	Medtronic, Inc.	ME	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied health care things     
2973	ACTV	Marsh & Mclennan Companies, Inc.	IM	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
2974	ACTV	Marshall & Ilsley Corporation	RB	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
2975	ACTV	NetSol Technologies, Inc.	SP	The company offers a broad array of professional services to clients in the global commercial markets and specializes in the application of advanced a
2976	ACTV	Mestek, Inc.	MG	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of capita        
2977	ACTV	PPG Industries, Inc.	CM	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
2978	ACTV	Medwave, Inc.	ME	The company develops, manufactures and markets proprietary non-invasive system that continually monitors arterial blood pressure of adults. the produc
2979	ACTV	Mason-Dixon Bancshares, Inc.	RB	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
2980	ACTV	NetWolves Corporation	CN	The company designs, develops and sells products that provide a secure, integrated, modular internet gateway. the products of the company, netwolves s
2981	ACTV	InteliData Technologies Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the group include developing and marketing of software products and consulting services for the financial services industr
2982	ACTV	Koala Corporation	PH	The group designs, produces and markets innovative commercial products, systems and custom solutions that create attractive family-friendly environmen
2983	ACTV	Occidental Petroleum Corporation	OO	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
2984	ACTV	Nautica Enterprises, Inc.	AA	The principal activities of the group are designing, sourcing, marketing and distributing apparel through its subsidiaries under the brands: nautica, 
2985	ACTV	Massmutual Corporate Investors	IV	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
2986	ACTV	Niagara Corporation	IS	The company produces cold drawn steel bars through its subsidiaries. the company develops specialized cold drawn steel products, drawbenches used in c
2987	ACTV	Mentor Corporation	ME	The principal activities of the group are the development, manufacture and marketing of a broad range of products for the medical specialties of aesth
2988	ACTV	Massmutual Participation Investors	IV	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
2989	ACTV	Network Appliance, Inc.	CN	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing, marketing and supporting of high performance network attached data storage and acc
2990	ACTV	Newport Corporation	ST	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing and marketing of high precision components, instruments and integrated systems for 
2991	ACTV	Integrated Circuit Systems, Inc.	SM	Designs, develops and markets standard and application-specific integrated circuits using mixed analog/digital technology.     
2992	ACTV	Meridian Bioscience, Inc.	BD	Develops, manufactures and markets immunodiagnostic test kits, reagents and related products for use in physician offices and in hospital, commercial 
2993	ACTV	Matrix Bancorp, Inc	SB	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
2994	ACTV	NICE-Systems Limited	EI	Provides global integrated digital recording and management solutions, serving the business needs of multiple markets, primarily financial institution
2995	ACTV	Niku Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the company are to design, develop and market software for service organizations in large enterprises. service organizatio
2996	ACTV	Great American Financial Resources, Inc.	IL	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
2997	ACTV	Navistar International Corporation	AM	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of cyclical consumer goods     
2998	ACTV	Meridian Medical Technologies, Inc.	ME	The company is a technology-based health care company that designs, develops and produces a broad range of automatic injectors, prefilled syringes, ca
2999	ACTV	Mitcham Industries, Inc.	RN	The principal activities of the company is to lease and sells geophysical and other equipment used primarily by seismic data acquisition contractors. 
3000	ACTV	NMS Communications Corporation	CE	Designs, develops and supplies network-quality hardware and software componts; And provides design and customization services.   
3001	ACTV	Inspire Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The company is a development stage company develops and commercializes drugs and pharmaceuticals products to treat diseases caused by impairment of mu
3002	ACTV	Olin Corporation	CO	A holding company that manages a multitude of things         
3003	ACTV	Norfolk Southern Corporation	RR	The company performs a bunch of different transportation related stuff    
3004	ACTV	Landec Corporation	CR	The company designs, develops, manufactures and markets temperature-activated and other specialty polymer products. the company also markets hybrid co
3005	ACTV	Ocean Energy, Inc.	OI	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different energy    
3006	ACTV	Noble International Limited	AP	The group is an independent supplier of automotive components, component assemblies and value-added services to the automotive industry. the company a
3007	ACTV	Mobile Mini, Inc.	BS	Designs and manufactures portable steel storage containers, portable offices, telecommunication shelters and a variety of delivery systems; And acquir
3008	ACTV	Modern Times Group	BC	Operates broadcast television stations in scandinavia; And operates radio stations.       
3009	ACTV	Monarch Avalon, Inc.	PS	The company is in the business of publishing. through its subsidiary, girls' life, inc. the company publishes bi-monthly magazine for young girls betw
3010	ACTV	Nokia Corporation	CE	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
3011	ACTV	Inkine Pharmaceutical Company, Inc.	BD	Inkine pharmaceutical company, inc. (formerly known as panax pharmaceutical company) acquires, licenses and produces commercially viable pharmaceutica
3012	ACTV	Maxcor Financial Group, Inc.	IV	The company provides brokerage and financial services to banks and financial institutions.the products of the company is include market debt and relat
3013	ACTV	Monarch Casino & Resort, Inc.	CG	The company owns and operates a tropically tropically-themed atlantis casino resort. the atlantis features a casino, a hotel, five restaurants, six ba
3014	ACTV	Norsat International, Inc.	EI	Norsat international inc. (formerly known as nii norsat international inc.) was incorporated under the name norsat international inc. on october 15, 1
3015	ACTV	Norstan, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the group consists of three business segments: communications which include telephone systems, integrated voice processing
3016	ACTV	Global Imaging Systems, Inc.	OE	The company provides a broad range of imaging solutions. the company sells and services automated office equipment, network integration services, elec
3017	ACTV	MB Financial, Inc.	RB	Bank holding company with subsidiary which performs commercial banking operations, mortgage banking services, leasing, investment services, insurance 
3018	ACTV	Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation	RE	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
3019	ACTV	Monro Muffler Brake, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the group are the provision of a broad range of services on passenger cars, light trucks and vans for mufflers and exhaust
3020	ACTV	Nortech Systems, Inc.	EI	The activities of the company is to manufacture wire harnesses, cables, electromechanical assemblies, printed circuit boards and higher level assembli
3021	ACTV	Inforte Corporation	CS	The company provides technology consulting and systems integration services that enable clients to use internet technology to improve their businesses
3022	ACTV	Offshore Logistics, Inc.	OW	The principal activities of the group consist of two business segments: helicopter services which provides helicopter transportation services to the w
3023	ACTV	MBIA, Inc.	IP	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
3024	ACTV	Morton's Restaurant Group, Inc.	RS	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
3025	ACTV	North American Technologies Group, Inc.	ST	The company identifies, acquires and commercializes the technologies. the company acquires businesses based on proprietory technologies, proprietory m
3026	ACTV	Novoste Corporation	ME	The company is a medical device company engaged in commercializing the beta-cath (tm) system, an intraluminal beta radiation catheter delivery system 
3027	ACTV	Leading Brands, Inc	BN	Packages, distributes and merchandises juices, water and new age beverages in western canada and the northwestern united states.  
3028	ACTV	MBNA Corporation	RB	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
3029	ACTV	Mothers Work, Inc.	RT	The prinicipal activity of the group is the manufacturing of maternity clothing in the united states. the company offers a full range of career, casua
3030	ACTV	Movie Gallery, Inc.	RA	The principal activity of the company is to rent and sell videocassettes, digital video discs and video games. rental activities include the rental of
3031	ACTV	ILEX Oncology, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are identification, development, manufacturing and regulatory approval of oncology compounds to develop cancer t
3032	ACTV	Q.E.P. Company, Inc.	MF	The group manufactures, markets and distributes a broad range of speciality tools and related products for the home improvement markets. the company m
3033	ACTV	Medallion Financial Corporation	MS	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
3034	ACTV	MPS Group, Inc.	BS	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
3035	ACTV	Notify Technology Corporation	CE	The group provides innovative communications application services to wireless and wireline messaging services. the company's products include notifyli
3036	ACTV	Micromuse, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are developing, marketing and supporting a family of scalable, highly configurable, rapidly deployable, software
3037	ACTV	Old Dominion Freight Line, Inc.	TR	The principal activity of the group is the transporting of primarily less-than-truckload shipments of general commodities, including consumer goods, t
3038	ACTV	Medford Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company is a bank holding company for medford savings bank. the group provides general and commercial banking services and is engaged in attractin
3039	ACTV	MPW Industrial Services Group, Inc.	BS	Mpw industrial services group, inc. provides integrated, technically-based industrial cleaning and related facilities support services. the company op
3040	ACTV	Nova Measuring Instruments Limited	SM	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
3041	ACTV	IDEXX Laboratories, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group include developing, manufacturing and distributing of products and providing of services for veterinary, food an
3042	ACTV	OMNI Energy Services Corporation	OW	The principal activities of the group are specializing in providing an integrated range of onshore seismic drilling, helicopter support and survey ser
3043	ACTV	Mediaone Financial	IV	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
3044	ACTV	Multex.com, Inc.	BS	The principal activity of the group is provision of financial e-marketplace connecting buyers and sellers of financial services and information which 
3045	ACTV	Multi-Color Corporation	PR	The company manufactures and supplies printed labels and engravings for consumer product companies for liquid detergents, laundry-care products, house
3046	ACTV	NS Group, Inc.	CX	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique capital goods    
3047	ACTV	Lifeway Foods, Inc.	FP	The company produces and markets dairy products, soy-based products and vegetable-based seasoning.the company's primary product is kefir, a drinkable 
3048	ACTV	Quanex Corporation	IS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
3049	ACTV	Mediaone Group, Inc.	IV	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
3050	ACTV	Medis Technologies Limited	MS	The principal activity of the company are development and commercialization of direct liquid methanol (dlm) fuel cells and attendant refueling cartrid
3051	ACTV	IDEC Pharmaceuticals Corporation	BD	The principal activities of the company is research, development and commercialization of targeted therapies for the treatment of cancer and autoimmun
3052	ACTV	NEC Corporation	AV	Manufactures communications systems and equipment, including satellite systems and microwave communication systems, switching systems, fiber-optic tra
3053	ACTV	MEEMIC Holdings, Inc.	IP	The principal activities of the company are to provide personal lines of property and casualty insurance through its subsidiaries meemic insurance com
3054	ACTV	Multimedia Games, Inc.	CG	The company designs and develops interactive class ii and class iii games and related electronic player stations and equipment that are marketed to na
3055	ACTV	Nash-Finch Company	GR	The company sells and distributes food and non-food products such as dry groceries, fresh fruits and vegetables, frozen foods, processed meat and dair
3056	ACTV	Georgia Pacific Corporation	PA	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
3057	ACTV	Mellon Financial Corporation	RB	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
3058	ACTV	National Golf Properties, Inc.	RE	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
3059	ACTV	National Health Investors, Inc.	RE	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
3060	ACTV	Novadigm, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the company are design, market and support of an automated solutions to software management in medium and largeorganizatio
3061	ACTV	ICOS Corporation	BD	The principal activity of the group is the discovery and development of proprietary pharmaceuticals for the treatment of inflammatory diseases and oth
3062	ACTV	Panhandle Royalty Company	OO	The company acquires and manages mineral interests and explores and develops oil and gas properties. the company's mineral properties and other oil an
3063	ACTV	Mercantile Bank Corporation	RB	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
3064	ACTV	National Research Corporation	BS	The principal activity of the company is the provision of ongoing survey-based performance measurement, analysis and tracking services to the healthca
3065	ACTV	National Technical Systems, Inc.	BS	The company provides diversified services and operates in two segments: engineering and evaluations and technical staffing. the engineering and evalua
3066	ACTV	Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc.	PH	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
3067	ACTV	New Tel Limited	AP	Holding company with subsidiaries which design and develop electronic fuel injection and engine control systems for natural gas powered engines; And d
3068	ACTV	Mercantile Bankshares Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group are the provision of commercial and retail banking business with normal banking services. the services include a
3069	ACTV	Nationwide Health Properties, Inc.	RE	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
3070	ACTV	Novatel Wireless, Inc.	CE	The principal activity of the company is to provide wireless data communication access solutions. the company provides wireless data modems and softwa
3071	ACTV	iBasis, Inc.	CU	The principal activities of the company includes facilities-based telecommunication carrier that provides economical international telecommunications 
3072	ACTV	Merchants Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group are providing financial products and services designed to satisfy the needs of its retail customers. the product
3073	ACTV	Novell, Inc.	CN	The principal activity of the group is the provision of net services software. the company secures and simplifies networks and enables businesses and 
3074	ACTV	Novellus Systems, Inc.	SM	The group manufactures, markets and services advanced automated wafer fabrication systems for the deposition of thin films. the company supplies high 
3075	ACTV	Numerex Corporation	CE	The company designs, manufactures and markets communication and information products and services in wireless communications and multimedia networking
3076	ACTV	MTR Gaming Group, Inc.	CG	The group owns and operates hotel and gaming properties in nevada and west virginia. the company also offers video lottery gaming areas, thoroughbred 
3077	ACTV	OMI Corporation	WT	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied transportation things    
3078	ACTV	PPL Electric Utilities Corporation	EU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related products   
3079	ACTV	Mercury General Corporation	IP	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
3080	ACTV	Numerical Technologies, Inc.	SM	The company designs and develops proprietary technologies used in the design and manufacture of subwavelength semiconductor equipments. the company de
3081	ACTV	Hurco Companies, Inc.	ST	The company designs, develops, produces and markets interactive, personal computer based, computer control systems and software and also computerized 
3082	ACTV	Parallel Petroleum Corporation	OO	The principal activities of the company are to acquire, explore, develop, produce and sell crude oil and natural gas. the company's activities are car
3083	ACTV	Nike, Inc.	FO	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
3084	ACTV	Merrill Lynch & Company, Inc.	IV	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
3085	ACTV	NYFIX, Inc.	CN	The company develops and markets advanced electronic trading systems to brokerage firms, international banks and global exchanges trading in equities,
3086	ACTV	Nuevo Energy Company	OO	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
3087	ACTV	Merrill Lynch Depositor, Inc.	IV	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
3088	ACTV	O.I. Corporation	ST	The principal activities of the company are manufacturing, marketing and servicing sample preperation, detection, measurement and monitoring instrumen
3089	ACTV	Oak Technology, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are the design, development and distribution of high performance integrated semiconductors, software and platfor
3090	ACTV	Occam Networks, Inc.	CE	The company develops, manufactures, and markets telecommunications products that enable the bundling of voice and data services over a single broadban
3091	ACTV	Humana, Inc.	IA	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
3092	ACTV	Oce NV	OE	The principal activities of the company are wide format printing systems: large format printers/copiers, scanners, folders & scanning, printing and ar
3093	ACTV	Omnicell, Inc.	CP	The group provides an integrated suite of clinical infrastructure and workflow automation solutions for healthcare facilities. these solutions include
3094	ACTV	ON Semiconductor Corporation	SM	The company designs, develops, manufactures and markets a wide variety of semiconductor componentsfor the semiconductor industry and original equipmen
3095	ACTV	One Voice Technologies, Inc.	SP	The company develops and markets computer software using intelligent voice interactive technology to website owners in the united states and other cou
3096	ACTV	Franklin Financial Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group is the provision of commercial banking services including depository, lending and related financial services thr
3097	ACTV	Noland Company	MG	The principal activity of the company is the wholesale trading and distribution of mechanical equipment and supplies. the company operates through bra
3098	ACTV	Nissan Motor Company Limited	AM	Manufactures automobiles including passenger cars, buses, trucks and related parts and accessories; And manufactures aerospace equipment, textile mach
3099	ACTV	Navigant Consulting, Inc.	BS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
3100	ACTV	NDCHealth Corporation	BS	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
3101	ACTV	Hudson City Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The principal activities of the group are community and customer-oriented retail savings bank offering traditional deposit products, residential real 
3102	ACTV	Nelson Thomas, Inc.	PP	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
3103	ACTV	OneSource Information Services, Inc.	CS	The principal activity of the group is to provides business and financial information services. the services are provided through the internet by mean
3104	ACTV	ONI Systems Corporation	CE	The company develops, markets and sells optical communications networking equipment specifically designed to address the bandwidth and service limitat
3105	ACTV	Onvia.com, Inc.	CS	The company provides a single online resource where small businesses can buy and sell services and products and exchange valuable news, product and se
3106	ACTV	Obie Media Corporation	AE	The company markets advertising space on transit vehicles and outdoor advertising displays. the company provides its customers a wide range of out-of-
3107	ACTV	Progress Energy, Inc.	EU	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of energy related stuff      
3108	ACTV	Merit Medical Systems, Inc.	ME	The principle activities of the company is to develop, manufacture and market single-use medical products for diagnosis and treatment of cardiovascula
3109	ACTV	Oplink Communications, Inc.	SM	Designs, and manufactures fiber optic components and integrated optical modules which increase the performance of optical networks. new registrant.  
3110	ACTV	OPTi, Inc.	SM	The company is a supplier of semiconductor products to the personal computers & embedded marketplaces. the company's semiconductor device contains the
3111	ACTV	HMN Financial, Inc.	SB	The company provides general banking services through its subsidiary, home federal savings bank in minnesota and iowa. the business involves attractin
3112	ACTV	Nortek, Inc.	CX	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied capital things    
3113	ACTV	Nitches, Inc.	AA	The company is a wholesale importer and distributor primarily of women`s clothing. the garments are manufactured according to company specifications, 
3114	ACTV	Quixote Corporation	FR	The company develops, manufactures and markets energy-absorbing highway crash cushions and other highway safety products for the protection of motoris
3115	ACTV	Optibase Limited	CE	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
3116	ACTV	Four Seasons Hotels, Inc.	HM	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
3117	ACTV	Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc.	WT	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied transportation things     
3118	ACTV	Micro Therapeutics, Inc.	ME	The company develops, manufactures and markets minimally invasive medical devices for the diagnosis and treatment of vascular diseases. the company fo
3119	ACTV	Optika, Inc.	SP	The company provides imaging, workflow and collaborative commerce software. the company's products provide the ability to access and store multiple fo
3120	ACTV	Optio Software, Inc.	SP	The company develops, sells and supports document customization software to companies. the company provides two suites of software products: optio ent
3121	ACTV	High Country Bancorp, Inc.	SB	High country bancorp, inc. is a savings and loan holding company operating through its subsidiary, high country bank (formerly known as salida buildin
3122	ACTV	microHelix, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the company are developing and supplying technologically advanced, customized interconnect systems to the medical device i
3123	ACTV	Oracle Corporation	SP	The company has four operating segments: license: engaged in the licensing of information management software. information management software can be 
3124	ACTV	ORBIT/FR, Inc.	ST	The company develops, markets and supports sophisticated, automated microwave test and measurement systems. the company manufactures its products for 
3125	ACTV	Orbotech Limited	ST	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
3126	ACTV	Oceaneering International, Inc.	OW	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related items     
3127	ACTV	Northrop Grumman Corporation	AD	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of really big items    
3128	ACTV	Novel Denim Holdings Limited	AA	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
3129	ACTV	Randgold & Exploration Company, Ltd,	GS	Explores for gold properties in africa.      
3130	ACTV	Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are the incorporation of large-scale genetics, genomics, high throughput screening, and informatics in an integr
3131	ACTV	Hemagen Diagnostics, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company are developing, manufacturing and marketing of medical diagnostic test kits and materials for manufacturers of
3132	ACTV	Lucille Farms, Inc.	FP	Manufactures and markets conventional mozzarella cheese, other italian variety cheeses, and various nutritional, low-fat or cholesterol free mozzarell
3133	ACTV	Net2Phone	CU	Offers web-based internet telephony services, which enable customers to make calls and send faxes over the internet using their personal computers, an
3134	ACTV	Netia Holdings S.A.	CU	The company is a fixed-line telecommunications operator. it's core activities include the following services: local access, including domestic long-di
3135	ACTV	Orchestream Holdings plc	CS	Develops and markets software. new registrant.       
3136	ACTV	NB Capital Corporation	MS	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
3137	ACTV	PSI Energy, Inc.	EU	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy production a        
3138	ACTV	Northwest Pipe Company	CX	The company manufactures welded steel pipe through its two operating segments water transmission segment and tubular products segment. in the water tr
3139	ACTV	Oakley, Inc.	RP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied cyclical consumer things       
3140	ACTV	Rayonier, Inc.	FW	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
3141	ACTV	Hellenic Telecommunication Organization S.A.	CU	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
3142	ACTV	Norsk Hydro ASA	CO	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of things    
3143	ACTV	NetRatings, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the company are the provision of internet audience measurement information solutions for media and commerce. the companys 
3144	ACTV	Oryx Technolgy Corporation	EI	The company manufactures, designs and markets specialized components, analytical equipment and instrumentation products. the products of the company a
3145	ACTV	OSI Systems, Inc.	SM	The company markets and sells its optoelectronic devices and subsystems, and medical imaging systems. the company designs and manufactures optoelectro
3146	ACTV	Ocular Sciences, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the group are the manufacture and market of a broad line of soft contact lenses for annual and disposable replacement regi
3147	ACTV	New England Realty Associates L.P.	RE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
3148	ACTV	Overland Storage, Inc.	CD	The company designs, develops, manufactures, markets and supports magnetic tape data storage systems for backup, archival and data interchange functio
3149	ACTV	Overture Services, Inc.	CS	Operates online marketplace between the consumers of its website partners and the internet's best businesses, products and services which include webs
3150	ACTV	Owosso Corporation	EI	The principal activities of the group are: designs, manufactures and markets engineered component products. the products of the company include motors
3151	ACTV	Heinz H J Company	FP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of non-cyclical consumer goods       
3152	ACTV	Pioneer Railcorp	RR	The principal activities of group are: railroad operations: entered into a twenty-year lease with missouri pacific railroad company and operates 18 mi
3153	ACTV	Oakwood Homes Corporation	CV	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of really big things        
3154	ACTV	Omni U.S.A., Inc.	AP	Holding company with subsidiaries which design, develop and distribute power transmissions equipment for agricultural, industrial, off-highway and con
3155	ACTV	Raytech Corporation	MF	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
3156	ACTV	Fort Dearborn Income Securities, Inc.	MS	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
3157	ACTV	New Frontier Media, Inc.	MP	The company is a holding company for operating subsidiaries namely ten, igi, itn and cti. the company operates under two segments namely subscription/
3158	ACTV	New Horizons Worldwide, Inc.	SC	The principal activity of the group is the provision of application software and technical certification training to a wide range of employer-sponsore
3159	ACTV	New Plan Excel Realty, Inc.	RE	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
3160	ACTV	OYO Geospace Corporation	ST	The company designs and manufactures instruments and equipment used in the acquisition and processing of seismic data. these products are primarily ma
3161	ACTV	HEICO Corporation	AD	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of really big items    
3162	ACTV	Public Service Enterprise Group, Inc.	EU	Owns and operates a bunch of different energy related things     
3163	ACTV	R-B Rubber Products, Inc.	MF	The principal activities of the company are: recycling scrap tires and rubber to produce high quality, durable rubber mats, protective surfaces and ot
3164	ACTV	New Valley Corporation	RE	The principal activities of the group are investment banking, brokerage business, development and management of real estate. the company, through lade
3165	ACTV	New York Times Company	PP	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
3166	ACTV	Ohio Valley Banc Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the bank are providing commercial, retail and agricultural banking services. the subsidiaries of the company include the o
3167	ACTV	Oneida Limited	JS	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied cyclical consumer things   
3168	ACTV	MIM Corporation	HF	The company offers pharmacy benefit management, e-commerce and specialty pharmacy services to health plan sponsors. these services provided by the com
3169	ACTV	News Corporation Limited	PP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
3170	ACTV	Pacific Internet Limited	CS	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
3171	ACTV	Havas	AE	Provides a complete line of communications services, including general advertising, direct marketing, media planning and buying, corporate communicati
3172	ACTV	Pacific Magtron International Corporation	CP	The company provides computer and information technology solutions. the principal activity includes the importation and wholesale distribution of elec
3173	ACTV	Pall Corporation	ST	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
3174	ACTV	Palm, Inc.	CH	The company develops, designs and markets palm-branded handheld devices that allow users to automatically copy and conform or synchronize information 
3175	ACTV	Paradigm Geophysical Limited	SP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
3176	ACTV	Neogen Corporation	BD	The company develops, manufactures and sells a diverse line of products dedicated to food and animal safety. the company's food safety segments consis
3177	ACTV	Reliance Steel & Aluminum Company	MF	Owns and operates a bunch of different things        
3178	ACTV	NexPrise, Inc.	BS	Provides collaborative software solutions that enable companies to manage key process with their suppliers, partners, and customers, applications incl
3179	ACTV	Park Electrochemical Corporation	EI	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
3180	ACTV	Parlex Corporation	EI	The company designs and manufactures flexible interconnect solutions. the products include flexible circuits, laminated cable, polymer thick film, fle
3181	ACTV	Harte Hanks Inc.	PP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
3182	ACTV	Orbital Engine Corporation Limited	AP	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
3183	ACTV	ParthusCeva, Inc.	SM	Supplies platform level intellectual property solutions to the m-commerce market.        
3184	ACTV	P-COM, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the group are the design, manufacture and sale of millimeter wave radio systems which includes point-to-point broadband wi
3185	ACTV	PC-Tel, Inc.	CE	Develops and supplies cost-effective software-based connectivity solutions which enable wide-spread internet access and other communication applicatio
3186	ACTV	Old Second Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group are providing customary consumer and commercial products and services through the wholly owned subsidiaries. the
3187	ACTV	Next Level Communications, Inc.	CU	The principal activity of the company is the provision of broadband communications systems that enable telephone companies and other emerging communic
3188	ACTV	PDF Solutions, Inc.	SM	Provides comprehensive infrastructure technologies and services to improve yield and optimize performance of integrated circuits. new registrant.   
3189	ACTV	PEC Solutions, Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the group are to provide professional technology services that enable government organizations to harness the power of the
3190	ACTV	Pegasus Solutions Inc	CS	The principal activities of the group are the provision of electronic commerce and transaction processing solutions to hotels, travel agencies, meetin
3191	ACTV	Harley Davidson, Inc.	RP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique cyclical consumer items   
3192	ACTV	Roadway Corporation	TR	Holding company with subsidiary which provides less-than-truckload freight services on two day and longer major city-to-city routes. new registrant. 
3193	ACTV	Public Services Elecetric & Gas Company	EU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the energy field      
3194	ACTV	Reliastar	MF	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
3195	ACTV	Nextel Partners, Inc.	CU	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide wireless communications services, including cellular telephone service, two-way dispatch with instant 
3196	ACTV	Foamex International, Inc.	CK	The principal activities of the group is manufacturing and distribution of flexible polyurethane foam and advanced polymer foam products, carpet cushi
3197	ACTV	LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton	BA	Produces and markets internationally broad range of premium quality champagnes, sparkling wines and still wines; Produces cognac and brandies; Produce
3198	ACTV	Oglebay Norton Company	RM	The principal activities of the group are mining, processing, transporting and marketing industrial minerals. the company operates through 3 segments 
3199	ACTV	Nextera Enterprises, Inc.	BS	Provides leading-edge business strategy, operations improvement, organizational design and information technology consulting services primarily to for
3200	ACTV	Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation	CU	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
3201	ACTV	Habersham Bancorp	RB	The comany operates a full service commercial banking business providing customary banking services such as checking and savings accounts, various typ
3202	ACTV	New Jersey Industries	BS	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
3203	ACTV	Nobel Learning Communities, Inc.	SC	Nobel learning communities, inc. provides private education and school management services for the pre-elementary through twelth grade market. these s
3204	ACTV	Pegasystems, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are developing, marketing, licensing and supporting customer relationship management (crm) software that enables
3205	ACTV	Pemstar, Inc.	EI	The principal activity of the company is providing electronics manufacturing services to original equipment manufacturers in the communications, compu
3206	ACTV	OM Group, Inc.	CM	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
3207	ACTV	Nordstrom, Inc.	RT	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
3208	ACTV	PeopleSoft, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, marketing and licensing enterprise application software including provision of ebusin
3209	ACTV	Perceptron, Inc.	ST	The principal activities of the group are the design, development, manufacture and market of information-based measurement and inspection focused solu
3210	ACTV	PerfectData Corporation	CP	The company designs, assembles and sells cleaning and maintenance products for home, office and computer environments. the company's principal selling
3211	ACTV	H.T.E., Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are the development, distribution, implementation and support of fully-integrated enterprise-wide software appli
3212	ACTV	Oilgear Company (The)	MG	The company is engaged in manufacture and distribution of systems and value engineered components for a broad range of industrial machinery and indust
3213	ACTV	Miravant Medical Technologies	BD	The principal activity of the company is the development of light activated drugs and associated devices for a medical procedure called photodynamic t
3214	ACTV	Norfolk Southern Realty Company	RE	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
3215	ACTV	Perficient, Inc.	SP	Company provides software services using emerging technologies to web-enable complex enterprise systems. the company provides customers and partners w
3216	ACTV	FMC Corporation	CM	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
3217	ACTV	M&F Worldwide Corporation	BN	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things     
3218	ACTV	Parker Drilling Company	OW	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of energy related goods      
3219	ACTV	Monarch Dental Corporation	HF	Manages dental group practices which provide general and specialty dental services, including orthodontics, endodontics and pediatric dentistry, by pr
3220	ACTV	Merrill Merchants Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The bank is a holding company of merrill merchants bank and maine acceptance corporation. the bank provides a wide range of consumer, commercial, trus
3221	ACTV	Gyrodyne Company of America, Inc.	RE	The principal activity of the company is to lease industrial and commercial real estate. the company develops its real estate holdings which is approx
3222	ACTV	Questar Corporation	NG	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of energy related th    
3223	ACTV	Oshkosh B'Gosh, Inc.	AA	Designs, manufactures and markets broad range of children's clothing, youth wear and men's casual and work wear clothing; And offers children's footwe
3224	ACTV	Moyco Technologies, Inc.	ME	Moyco technologies, inc. manufactures and distributes dental supplies and precision abrasives. dental supplies include dental waxes, endodontic instru
3225	ACTV	Metris Companies, Inc.	CF	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
3226	ACTV	Onyx Software Corporation	SP	The principal activity of the group is the provision of enterprise-wide, customer-centric e-business solutions. using the internet in combination with
3227	ACTV	Orbital Sciences Corporation	AD	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of capita        
3228	ACTV	MetroBanCorp	RB	The principal activities of the group include a broad range of commercial and consumer lending and deposit services to its customers located primarily
3229	ACTV	NTELOS, Inc	CU	The company (formerly cfw communications company) operates in the following segments: telephone: the incumbent local exchange carrier for several area
3230	ACTV	Nucentrix Broadband Networks, Inc.	BC	The company provides wireless broadband services in the central united states. the company consists of two segments: the distribution of subscription 
3231	ACTV	Guitar Center, Inc.	RL	The company operates a chain of retail stores which sells musical instruments primarily guitars, keyboard, percussion and pre-audio equipment in the u
3232	ACTV	Rural/Metro Corporation	MT	The principal activities of the company are providing ambulance transport services, fire protection services, alternative transportation services , ho
3233	ACTV	Mylan Laboratories, Inc.	BD	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different health care related things     
3234	ACTV	MetroCorp Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The company is a bank holding company for metrobank, national association. the company provides a variety of loans including commercial and industrial
3235	ACTV	Performance Technologies, Inc.	EI	Performance technologies, incorporated designs, develops, manufactures and markets telecommunications and networking products that enable the converge
3236	ACTV	North Valley Bancorp	RB	The principal activities of the company are to conduct commercial and retail banking business. the bank accepts demand, savings, money market rate dep
3237	ACTV	Patina Oil & Gas Corporation	OO	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy     
3238	ACTV	Oshkosh Truck Corporation	AM	Engineers, manufactures and markets broad range of specialized heavy duty, all wheel drive and on/off highway motor vehicles, as well as chassis, trai
3239	ACTV	Myriad Genetics, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the company is the development and marketing of novel therapeutic and predictive medicine products. the company has develope
3240	ACTV	Office Depot, Inc.	RL	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
3241	ACTV	Gucci Group N.V.	AA	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied cyclical consumer things       
3242	ACTV	Midwest Grain Products, Inc.	CR	The company produces and markets vital wheat gluten, specialty wheat proteins, premium wheat starch, alcohol products, flour and other mill products. 
3243	ACTV	Osmonics, Inc.	MG	Owns and operates a bunch of different capital things        
3244	ACTV	Nabi Biopharmaceuticals	BD	Develops and commercialize products that prevent and treat infections and autoimmune disease, to help people with serious, unmet medical needs, produc
3245	ACTV	Omnicom Group, Inc.	AE	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
3246	ACTV	OPNET Technologies, Inc.	SP	Designs, and manufactures fiber optic components and integrated optical modules which increase the performance of optical networks. new registrant.  
3247	ACTV	Reliant Energy, Inc.	EU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related products   
3248	ACTV	On Assignment, Inc.	BS	The principal activity of the group is the provision of temporary scientific professionals to laboratories in the biotechnology, pharmaceutical, food 
3249	ACTV	One Price Clothing Stores, Inc.	RT	One price clothing stores, inc. and subsidiaries operates a chain of off price specialty retail stores. these stores offer a wide variety of contempor
3250	ACTV	O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.	RL	The principal activities of the group are the retail and supply of automotive aftermarket parts, tools, supplies and accessories to both the do-it-you
3251	ACTV	GraphOn Corporation	SP	The company develops, markets, sells and supports business infrastructure software that empowers a diverse range of desktop computing devices (desktop
3252	ACTV	Nastech Pharmaceutical Company, Inc.	BD	The group is a formulation science company recognised in nasal drug delivery technology. formulation science is a systematic approach to drug developm
3253	ACTV	Outlook Group Corporation	PR	The group provides printing, packaging and marketing services. the company operates through three business segments: outlook graphics, outlook label s
3254	ACTV	Per-Se Technologies, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are divided into three operating segments: physician services provides business management services to physician
3255	ACTV	Persistence Software, Inc.	SP	The company is a provider of transactional application servers and dynamic web content acceleration servers -- software that processes transactions be
3256	ACTV	First Charter Corporation	RB	The principal activity of the group is the provision of financial services including banking, comprehensive financial planning, funds management, inve
3257	ACTV	Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc.	OW	Performs onshore contract drilling of oil and gas wells; And explores for, develops and produces oil and natural gas.   
3258	ACTV	Owens Corning	CX	The company performs a bunch of different capital stuff       
3259	ACTV	National Home Health Care Corporation	HF	The principal activity of the group is the provision of personal home health care services including nursing, physical therapy, occupational therapy, 
3260	ACTV	P.F. Chang's China Bistro, Inc.	RS	The principal activities of the company are in operations of restaurants in the united states under the name p.f. chang's china bistro and pei wei asi
3261	ACTV	Gottschalks, Inc.	DD	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
3262	ACTV	New England Business Service, Inc.	OS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique non-cyclical consumer items      
3263	ACTV	National Medical Health Card Systems, Inc.	HF	National medical health card systems, inc. provides prescripion management services. the services are provided to prescription benefit plan sponsorers
3264	ACTV	Pervasive Software, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the company is to provide embedded database software to enable the cost effective development, deployment and support of l
3265	ACTV	Pharsight Corporation	SP	The company develops and markets integrated products licences and consulting services to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to improve the dru
3266	ACTV	P & F Industries, Inc.	AT	The company operates through three wholly-owned subsidiaries; Florida pneumatic manufacturing corporation, green manufacturing, inc. and embassy indus
3267	ACTV	Ryanair Holdings plc	AR	Operates low-fares, no-frills scheduled passenger airline serving short-haul, point-to-point routes primarily between ireland and the u.k.; Provides i
3268	ACTV	P.T. Telekomunikasi Indonesia	CU	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
3269	ACTV	PHAZAR Corporation	CE	Holding company with subsidiaries which manufacture standard and custom designed antennas, support structures and accessories; And formerly offered me
3270	ACTV	Phoenix Technologies Limited	SP	The group operates through the following division: platform enabling (develops and markets system-enabling software; Allows information platform manuf
3271	ACTV	Golden State Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
3272	ACTV	Palm Harbor Homes, Inc.	CV	The principal activity of the group is the production of multi-section manufactured homes through vertically integrated operations, encompassing manuf
3273	ACTV	Natrol, Inc.	BD	The company manufactures and markets branded, high quality dietary supplement products throughout the united states. the products are marketed through
3274	ACTV	Pacific Sunwear of California, Inc.	RT	The principal activity of the company is in operating nationwide mall-based retail chain of stores selling casual apparel like shirts, shorts, pants, 
3275	ACTV	Pac-West Telecomm, Inc.	CU	The principal activities of the company are the provision of integrated communication services in the western united states to communications-intensiv
3276	ACTV	OfficeMax, Inc.	RL	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
3277	ACTV	Scottish Power plc	EU	Owns and operates a bunch of different energy related things     
3278	ACTV	Penn Virginia Corporation	OO	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different energy related things      
3279	ACTV	Natural Alternatives International, Inc.	BD	The company is engaged in the formulation, manufacturing and packaging of encapsulated and compressed tablets and powder blended vitamins and related 
3280	ACTV	Photon Dynamics, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are to provide yield management solutions to the flat panel display industry, management solutions for the print
3281	ACTV	GoAmerica, Inc.	CU	The comapany provides wireless access to the internet and corporate intranet systems to customers located in the united states. the company enables it
3282	ACTV	Newell Rubbermaid, Inc.	PH	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of non-cyclical consumer goods       
3283	ACTV	Patrick Industries, Inc.	CX	The principal activities of the company are to manufacture and supply building products and materials to the manufactured housing and recreational veh
3284	ACTV	Photronics, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are manufacturing of photomasks. these are high precision photographic quartz plates containing microscopic imag
3285	ACTV	Pinnacle Systems, Inc.	CH	The company is a supplier of video authoring, storage, distribution and internet streaming solutions for broadcasters, business and professional users
3286	ACTV	Paxar Corporation	CK	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
3287	ACTV	National Service Industries, Inc.	CO	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a series of unique and completely legal activities   
3288	ACTV	Natus Medical, Inc.	ME	The company was formed to design, manufacture and market newborn screening products for the identification and monitoring of common medical disorders 
3289	ACTV	Metropolitan Financial Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the company are originating and purchasing mortgage and other loans through its subsidiaries. the company originates multi
3290	ACTV	Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc.	EI	The principal activities of the group are the distribution of a broad range of electronic components & computer systems products manufactured by other
3291	ACTV	Glimcher Realty	RE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
3292	ACTV	Pennzoil-Quaker State Company	OI	The company performs a bunch of different energy related stuff        
3293	ACTV	NBTY, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are the manufacture, marketing and retailing of vitamins, minerals, herbs, amino acids, sports nutrition product
3294	ACTV	MFB Corporation	SB	The corporation is a unitary savings and loan holding company operating through its wholly owned subsidiary mfb financial. the company provides consum
3295	ACTV	Pitney Bowes, Inc.	OE	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
3296	ACTV	FFLC Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The principal activity of the company is a savings and loan holding company operating through its wholly owned subsidiary, first savings bank of lake 
3297	ACTV	Paul Mueller Company	MG	The principal activity of the company is to manufacture custom made stainless steel processing equipment for the food, dairy, beverage, chemical, phar
3298	ACTV	NeoPharm, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the company is research, development and commercialization of drugs for the treatment of various cancers. the company utiliz
3299	ACTV	Pivotal Corporation	SP	Provides management solutions which enable internet business to increase revenues by more effectively managing their interactions with customers and p
3300	ACTV	Planar Systems, Inc.	EI	The company manufactures and markets electronic information displays, display sub-systems and complete display systems. the company offers products in
3301	ACTV	Glen Burnie Bancorp	RB	The group accepts demand and time deposits and originates loans to individuals, associations, partnerships and corporations. the groups lending activi
3302	ACTV	Ocean Bio-Chem, Inc.	PH	The principal activities of the company is to manufacture, market and distribute appearance and maintenance products for boats, recreational vehicles,
3303	ACTV	Plantronics, Inc.	CE	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
3304	ACTV	Plexus Corporation	EI	The principal activities of the group is the provision of product realization services to original equipment manufacturers (oems) in the medical, comp
3305	ACTV	Plumtree Software, Inc.	SP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
3306	ACTV	Peerless Manufacturing Company	MG	Designs, engineers, manufactures and sells specialized separators and filters used in cleaning gases and liquids as they move through a piping system;
3307	ACTV	Sea Containers International	WT	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different transportation related thing    
3308	ACTV	Sierra Pacific Resources	EU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the energy field      
3309	ACTV	NeoRx Corporation	BD	The principal activity of the company is the development of innovative therapeutic biopharmaceuticals primarily for the treatment of cancer and cardio
3310	ACTV	Panera Bread Company	RS	Operates and franchises bakery cafes under the name panera bread company and saint louis bread company offering fresh baked goods, sandwiches, soups, 
3311	ACTV	GigaMedia, Litd.	CS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
3312	ACTV	Petroleum & Resources Corporation	OO	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
3313	ACTV	Neose Technologies, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the group is the development of proprietary technologies for the synthesis and manufacture of complex carbohydrates for phar
3314	ACTV	Pantry, Inc. (The)	GR	The pantry, inc. is a operator of convenience stores in florida, tennessee, georgia, kentucky, indiana, virginia, mississippi and south and north caro
3315	ACTV	Papa John's International, Inc.	RS	The principal activities of the group are the operation and franchising of pizza delivery and carry-out restaurant under the trademark papa john's and
3316	ACTV	FedEx Corporation	AC	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different transportation related thing    
3317	ACTV	NeoTherapeutics, Inc.	BD	The company is a development stage biopharmaceutical company. the company discovers and develops novel therapeutic drugs to treat neurodegenerative di
3318	ACTV	Paper Warehouse, Inc.	RL	The company is a provider of party supplies and party goods for all occasions through a specialized chain of retail stores. the company operates 98 st
3319	ACTV	PLX Technology, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are developing and providing semiconductor devices and software that accelerate and manage the transfer of data 
3320	ACTV	PMC - Sierra, Inc.	SM	The company designs, develops, markets & supports high-performance semiconductor networking solutions. the company's products are used in high speed t
3321	ACTV	Getty Realty Corporation	RE	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
3322	ACTV	Oxford Industries, Inc.	AA	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique cyclical consumer items   
3323	ACTV	MFC Bancorp Limited	MS	Mfc bancorp ltd. was spun-off by mercer international inc in june 1996. it operates as a financial services business, specializing in private and inve
3324	ACTV	Polycom, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the group are the development, manufacturing and marketing of a full range of high- quality, media rich communication tool
3325	ACTV	Pomeroy Computer Resources, Inc.	CH	The principal activities of the group are selling of a broad range of desktop computer equipment including hardware, software, and related products; T
3326	ACTV	Penton Media, Inc.	PP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
3327	ACTV	Opta Food Ingredients, Inc.	FP	The company innovates and manufactures proprietary texturizing food ingredients. customers of the company are food processors focusing on dairy, dress
3328	ACTV	Neurobiological Technologies, Inc.	BD	The company is a drug development company focused on the clinical development and regulatory approval of neuroscience drugs. the company is developing
3329	ACTV	MGIC Investment Corporation	IP	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
3330	ACTV	Portal Software, Inc.	SP	The group develops, markets and supports business infrastructure software to manage next-generation communications and e- services. the company's infr
3331	ACTV	Gerdau S.A.	IS	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
3332	ACTV	South Carolina Electric and Gas Company	EU	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
3333	ACTV	Petroleum Geo-Services	OW	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different energy    
3334	ACTV	Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company is the discovery and development of novel therapeutics for neuropsychiatric, neuroinflammatory and neurodegene
3335	ACTV	Middleburg Financial Corporation	RB	The bank is a holding company operating through its subsidiaries middleburg bank and the tredegar trust company. the bank provides banking, fiduciary 
3336	ACTV	On Command Corporation	BC	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, manufacturing and installing proprietary video systems; And the provision of in-room 
3337	ACTV	Panavision, Inc.	PG	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of cyclical consumer goods     
3338	ACTV	Neurogen Corporation	BD	The principal activity of the group is to discover and commercialize new drugs for a broad range of pharmaceutical uses. the group discovers and devel
3339	ACTV	Mid-State Bancshares	RB	The corporation is a holding company of mid-state bank which offers a broad range of banking products and services. these services include checking ac
3340	ACTV	Powell Industries, Inc.	EI	The principal activities of the group are selling, designing, developing, manufacturing, packaging and servicing systems and equipment for distributio
3341	ACTV	Gentiva Health Services, Inc.	HF	The principal activities of the group are the operation of health services business in the united states and canada and the provision of specialty pha
3342	ACTV	Midwest Banc Holdings, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the company are providing wide range of services which include traditional banking services, personal and corporate trust 
3343	ACTV	MIIX Group, Inc. (The)	IP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
3344	ACTV	Power Integrations, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing of proprietary, high-voltage, analog integrated circuits.
3345	ACTV	Power-One, Inc.	EI	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing and manufacturing of electrical products. which includes linear ac/dc products, low po
3346	ACTV	Pep Boys Manny Moe & Jack	RL	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
3347	ACTV	Oralabs Holding Corporation	PH	The company produces and sells consumer products relating to oral care and lip care and to distribute nutritional supplements. the company's products 
3348	ACTV	Millennium Bankshares Corporation	RB	The groups principal activities are to attract deposits and originate loans. the group provides a broad range of commercial and retail banking    
3349	ACTV	Powerwave Technologies, Inc.	CE	The company designs, manufactures and markets ultra-linear radio frequency (rf) power amplifiers and related equipment for use in the wireless communi
3350	ACTV	PPT Vision, Inc.	ST	The principal activities of the company are: designing, manufacturing and marketing of a complete family of machine vision-based systems for end user 
3351	ACTV	Genta, Inc.	BD	The company's principal activity is to develop diversified drugs to treat cancer. the primary focus of the company is on the development of antisense 
3352	ACTV	Petrominerals Corporation	OW	The principal activities of the company are productoin of on-shore domestic crude oil and natural gas. the company also offers oilfield services throu
3353	ACTV	ParkerVision, Inc.	AV	The principal activity of the company is the design, development and marketing video systems, automated production systems and development and initial
3354	ACTV	Mississippi Valley Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
3355	ACTV	Precise Software Solutions Limited	SP	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
3356	ACTV	Family Steak Houses of Florida, Inc.	RS	The company is the sole franchisee of ryan's family steak house restaurants in the state of florida. the company presently operates 23 ryan's restaura
3357	ACTV	Pemco Aviation Group, Inc.	AD	The principal activities of the company are to provide aircraft modification and maintenance services and to design and manufacture proprietary aerosp
3358	ACTV	Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group, Inc.	MC	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
3359	ACTV	Precision Optics Corporation, Inc.	ST	The company designs, develops, manufactures and markets optical systems and components and optical thin film coatings. the products include arthroscop
3360	ACTV	Predictive Systems, Inc.	CE	The principal activity of the group is to provide provision of network consulting services for the design, performance, management and securities of c
3361	ACTV	Generex Biotechnology Corporation	BD	The company is a development stage company which is onto research and development of drug delivery systems and technology. the company's product bucca
3362	ACTV	Southern Company	EU	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of energy related th    
3363	ACTV	Mitsui & Company Limited	IV	Performs worldwide trading of various commodities, including arranging financing for customers and suppliers and organizing industrial projects on an 
3364	ACTV	Premier Farnell plc	EI	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
3365	ACTV	Previo, Inc.	CD	Previo, inc. (formerly known as stac software, inc.) designs, develops, markets and supports system management software and application software for t
3366	ACTV	Perry Ellis International, Inc.	AA	The principal activity of the group is to design and market men's and boy's sportswear. the products of the company include shirts, pants and other pr
3367	ACTV	Panamerican Beverages, Inc.	BN	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things     
3368	ACTV	Monterey Bay Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company is a savings and loan holding association operating through its wholly owned subsidiary, monterey bay bank. the company has eight branch o
3369	ACTV	priceline.com, Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the company are the provision of unique e-commerce pricing system known as a demand collection system that enables consume
3370	ACTV	Primus Knowledge Solutions, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are the provision of electronic customer relationship management (ecrm) software that enables companies to maxim
3371	ACTV	General Mills, Inc.	FP	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
3372	ACTV	Petroquest Energy, Inc.	OO	The company is engages in the exploration, development, acquisition and operation of oil and gas properties. the company operates oil and gas properti
3373	ACTV	Pope & Talbot, Inc.	CX	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied capital things    
3374	ACTV	Montgomery Street Income Securities, Inc.	IV	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
3375	ACTV	Princeton Video Image, Inc.	SP	The activities of the company include developing and marketing real-time video insertion system that places computer generated electronic images into 
3376	ACTV	Orthologic Corporation	ME	The principal activities of the group are developing, manufacturing and marketing proprietary, technologically advanced orthopedic products and packag
3377	ACTV	Morgan Stanley Dean Witter	IV	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
3378	ACTV	Printronix, Inc.	CP	The company designs, manufactures and markets medium and high speed printers. these printers are used on a wide range of computer systems and associat
3379	ACTV	Progress Software Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the group are the development, marketing and distribution of application development, deployment and integration software 
3380	ACTV	Prophet 21, Inc.	SP	The company provides enterprise software and service for the continuously changing market demands of high-volume distribution-centric organizations in
3381	ACTV	Gehl Company	CA	The principal activity of the group is the design, manufacture, distribution, sale and finance of equipment used in the light construction equipment a
3382	ACTV	Morgan Stanley Finance plc	MS	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
3383	ACTV	Park Place Entertainment Corporation	CG	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
3384	ACTV	Parkway Properties, Inc.	RE	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
3385	ACTV	ProQuest Company	CS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
3386	ACTV	Petroleum Development Corporation	OO	The principal activity of the company is to develop, produce and market natural gas and oil. the company has grown primarily through drilling and deve
3387	ACTV	Southwest Gas Corporation	NG	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of energy related stuff      
3388	ACTV	Morgan Stanley Group, Inc.	MS	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
3389	ACTV	MuniMae	IV	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
3390	ACTV	Partner Communications Company Limited	CU	The company's principal activity is the provision of mobile telephone services in israel. in addition to standard and enhanced gsm services, including
3391	ACTV	Gardner Denver, Inc.	MG	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied capital things       
3392	ACTV	NASB Financial, Inc.	SB	The company is a federally chartered stock savings bank operating through its wholly-owned subsidiary north american savings bank, f.s.b. the principa
3393	ACTV	Pathmark Stores, Inc.	GR	The company operates 143 supermarkets primarily in the new york, new jersey and philadelphia metropolitan areas. the company provides one-stop shoppin
3394	ACTV	Paul-Son Gaming Corporation	CG	The company manufactures and markets casino table game equipment. the products of the company include casino chips, table game layouts, playing cards,
3395	ACTV	ProxyMed, Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the company is providing esolutions to physicians and healthcare information system suppliers. the customers of the compan
3396	ACTV	Euro Tech Holdings Company Limited	ST	Holding company with subsidiaries which distribute water and waste waterr treatment equipment, including chlorination equipment, laboratory instrument
3397	ACTV	National Australia Bank Limited	RB	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
3398	ACTV	Paychex, Inc.	BS	The company provides payroll processing services, human resource, and employee benefit outsourcing solutions. the company through payroll segment prep
3399	ACTV	PSC, Inc.	EI	The company designs, manufactures and markets a broad line of laser and non-laser based handheld and fixed position bar code scanners, bar code engine
3400	ACTV	Pubco Corporation	CP	The company manufactures, sells and resells computer printers and components of printers. the company conducts two lines of business: the printer supp
3401	ACTV	Frontier Oil Corporation	OO	The company performs a bunch of different energy related stuff        
3402	ACTV	National Bank Greece S.A.	SB	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
3403	ACTV	Payless Shoesource, Inc.	RT	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
3404	ACTV	PC Connection, Inc.	CT	The principal activities of the group are direct marketing of brand-name personal computers such as compaq, hewlett-packard, toshiba, ibm, microsoft, 
3405	ACTV	PubliCARD, Inc.	SM	The principal activity of the company is providing infrastructure products and solutions to facilitate secure access and transactions. the company's p
3406	ACTV	Petroleum Helicopters, Inc.	MT	Transports personnel, and to a lesser extent parts and equipment, to, from and among offshore oil and gas platforms; And owns and operates radio commu
3407	ACTV	Park-Ohio Holdings Corporation	AP	The principal activities of the group are the provision of logistic services and manufacturing of highly engineered products. the group operates throu
3408	ACTV	National Bankshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group are the provision of general retail and commercial banking services to individuals, businesses, local government
3409	ACTV	PC Mall, Inc.	CT	Ideamall, inc., (formerly creative computers, inc.) is a direct marketer of personal computer hardware, software, consumer electronics and peripheral 
3410	ACTV	Pumatech, Inc.	SP	The company (formerly known as puma technology, inc.) develops, markets and supports develop, market and support synchronization, change detection/not
3411	ACTV	Fresh Brands, Inc.	GR	Owns, franchises, operates retail supermarkets which sell groceries, such as frozen foods, prepared foods, fresh produce, meat, poultry, eggs and diar
3412	ACTV	National City Corporation	RB	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
3413	ACTV	PurchasePro.com, Inc.	CS	The company provides business-to-business electronic commerce products and services. the company operates a global marketplace that provides businesse
3414	ACTV	QAD, Inc.	SP	The company delivers value through collaborative commerce software applications that empower global manufacturers to synchronize diverse business proc
3415	ACTV	Qiagen N.V.	ST	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
3416	ACTV	Energen Corporation	NG	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy production a        
3417	ACTV	Rexam plc	CK	Holding company with subsidiaries which manufacture packaging, print and coated products.    
3418	ACTV	National Mercantile Bancorp	RB	The company through its wholly owned subsidiary mercantile national bank provides commercial banking in los angeles. the bank provides deposits and lo
3419	ACTV	PDI, Inc.	BS	The company designs and executes customized sales and marketing programs to the united states pharmaceutical industry. the company provides dedicated 
3420	ACTV	QLogic Corporation	SM	The company designs and supplies storage area networking (san) infrastructure building blocks. the san infrastructure building blocks, comprised of se
3421	ACTV	Footstar, Inc.	RT	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
3422	ACTV	Phillips Van Heusen Corporation	AA	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
3423	ACTV	New York Health Care, Inc.	BD	The company is a registered home health care agency which provides services of registered nurses and paraprofessionals to patients throughout new york
3424	ACTV	National Penn Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The group is a bank holding company concerned with commercial and retail banking and trust business. the group provides checking and savings accounts,
3425	ACTV	QRS Corporation	CS	The principal activity of the group is to provide electronic commerce merchandising and logistics solutions, which includes catalog services, network 
3426	ACTV	Pharmaceutical Product Development, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are the provision of a broad range of research, development and consulting services in two business segments: (i
3427	ACTV	Leucadia National Corporation	CO	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique items        
3428	ACTV	National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corpo	IV	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
3429	ACTV	National Security Group, Inc.	IL	The company provides property, casualty and life insurance through its subsidiaries. the company writes primarily low value dwelling fire and windstor
3430	ACTV	Pegasus Communications Corporation	BC	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide direct broadcast satellite and cable television services; And own and operate network-affiliated telev
3431	ACTV	Foothill Independent Bancorp	RB	The principal activities of the group are: the bank is a holding company which, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, foothill independent bank, provid
3432	ACTV	Parlux Fragrances, Inc.	PH	The company manufactures and distributes prestige fragrances, cosmetics and beauty related products. the fragrance market is divided into prestige seg
3433	ACTV	Rhodia	CM	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
3434	ACTV	Penn Traffic Company (The)	GR	The company is engaged in retail and wholesale food distribution in the eastern united states. the retail and wholesale distribution of food is carrie
3435	ACTV	Perma-Fix Environmental Services, Inc.	WM	The principal activities of the company are offering waste management services and consulting engineering services. the company treats, stores, proces
3436	ACTV	Pfeiffer Vacuum Technology AG	MG	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied capital things       
3437	ACTV	Photo Control Corporation	PG	The company designs, manufactures and markets professional photographic equipments. these equipments include cameras, long-roll film magazines, photog
3438	ACTV	PETCO Animal Supplies, Inc.	RL	The principal activities of the group are the provision of premium pet food and pet related items like collars and leashes, cages and habitats, toys, 
3439	ACTV	QSound Labs, Inc.	SM	Develops and licenses sound imaging audio technology used in personal computer, multi-media and home video game industries; And develops and manufactu
3440	ACTV	QUALCOMM, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the group are the design, development, manufacture and market of digital wireless communications products and services; Pr
3441	ACTV	Flamemaster Corporation (The)	CM	The company manufactures and sells aircraft sealants and protective coatings for both military and commerical applications. the coatings are flame ret
3442	ACTV	National Western Life Insurance Company	IL	Underwrites individual whole life and term life insurance in the united states as well as in central and south america, the caribbean, and the pacific
3443	ACTV	PETsMART, Inc.	RL	The company is a retailer of pet food, pet supplies, accessories and professional pet services throughout north america. the company is also a mail or
3444	ACTV	Quality Systems, Inc.	SP	The group develops and markets healthcare information systems through its subsidiaries clinitec international, inc. and micromed healthcare informatio
3445	ACTV	Quest Software, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the group is providing application management solutions designed to maintain the integrity of mission-critical business tran
3446	ACTV	PharmaNetics, Inc.	ME	The company develops, manufactures and markets a proprietary cardiovascular diagnostic test system that provides rapid and accurate evaluation of hemo
3447	ACTV	National Westminister Bank plc	RB	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
3448	ACTV	Philadelphia Authority for Industrial Development	BS	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
3449	ACTV	Philip Services Corporation	WM	Recycles wire and cable materials; Recycles chemical by-products into reusable products such as supplementary fuel; Offers industrial, commercial and 
3450	ACTV	QuickLogic Corporation	SM	The company develops, markets and supports advanced field programmable gate array (fpga), embedded standard product (esp), semiconductors and associat
3451	ACTV	Fisher & Paykel Healthcare Corporation Limited	HF	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied health care things      
3452	ACTV	Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc.	BN	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things     
3453	ACTV	Pioneer Corporation	AV	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
3454	ACTV	Nationwide Financial Services, Inc.	IL	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
3455	ACTV	Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company	CU	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
3456	ACTV	Elbit Systems Limited	AD	Owns and operates a bunch of different capital things        
3457	ACTV	New Century Financial Corporation	CF	The principal activity of the group is operating as a specialty finance company that provides servicing, selling, originating and purchasing of sub-pr
3458	ACTV	Philips International Realty Corporation	RE	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
3459	ACTV	Pier 1 Imports, Inc.	RL	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
3460	ACTV	Quovadx, Inc.	CS	The company develops, provides and supports business-to-business software solutions for the health care businesses. the company is an electronic comme
3461	ACTV	FirstFed Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The company serves as the holding company for first federal savings bank and first state bank of bibb county. the company accepts deposits from the ge
3462	ACTV	Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc.	CG	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
3463	ACTV	QXL Ricardo plc	CS	Provides online auction which offer consumer-to-consumer and business-to-consumer auctions in four languages and currencies.    
3464	ACTV	RackSaver	CH	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
3465	ACTV	Rada Electronics Industries Limited	EI	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
3466	ACTV	Phoenix Gold International, Inc.	GS	The group designs, markets and sells electronics, accessories and speaker to the audio market. the company's products are used in the car audio, profe
3467	ACTV	Polaris Industries, Inc.	RP	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
3468	ACTV	Pittston Company (The)	PS	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
3469	ACTV	Pizza Inn, Inc.	RS	The company is a franchisor and food and supply distributor to a system of restaurants operating under the trade name pizza inn. pizza inn system cons
3470	ACTV	Radcom Limited	CP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
3471	ACTV	First Merchants Corporation	RB	The corporation is a financial bank holding company. the principal activity of the group is the ownership and management of the banks. the banks gener
3472	ACTV	PLATO Learning, Inc.	PP	The company along with its subsidiaries develops and markets computer-based, interactive, self-paced instructional systems for education and related s
3473	ACTV	Radiant Systems, Inc.	CN	The group provides enterprise-wide technology solutions to businesses that serve the consumer. the group offers fully integrated technology solutions 
3474	ACTV	RadView Software Limited	SP	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
3475	ACTV	Radyne ComStream, Inc.	CE	The principle activities of the company is designing, manufacturing and selling products, systems and software used for the transmission and reception
3476	ACTV	Philip Morris Companies, Inc.	TO	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of non-cyclical consumer goods       
3477	ACTV	Nicholas Financial, Inc.	CF	Holding company with subsidiaries which acquire and service installment contracts for purchases of new and used automobiles and light trucks; And desi
3478	ACTV	Playboy Enterprises	PP	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
3479	ACTV	Plum Creek Timber Company, Inc.	RE	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
3480	ACTV	Raining Data Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the company is to design, develop, market and support two major software products: 1) a suite of rapid application develop
3481	ACTV	First M & F Corporation	RB	The group is a one bank holding company providing a complete range of commercial and consumer banking services through its main office and two branche
3482	ACTV	Quaker Fabric Corporation	AA	The company designs and manufactures upholstery fabrics for residential furniture manufacturers. the company markets woven upholstery fabrics and spec
3483	ACTV	Nexell Therapeutics, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are developing, manufacturing, marketing and distributing products utilizing cell selection technology in cell t
3484	ACTV	Point.360	MP	Provides broadcast quality video duplication, distribution and related value-added services including distribution of national television spot adverti
3485	ACTV	Rambus, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, licensing and marketing of high-bandwidth chip connection technologies to enhance the
3486	ACTV	Pichin Corporation	BS	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
3487	ACTV	Phillips Petroleum Company	OI	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related items     
3488	ACTV	NexMed, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are developing and commercializing therapeutif products based on proprietary products. the company deals in topi
3489	ACTV	Ramtron International Corporation	CD	The principal activities of the group are the design, development, manufacture and marketing high performance semiconductor memory devices. the compan
3490	ACTV	Rare Medium Group, Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the company is to provide internet professional services to companies, develops, manages and operates companies in selecte
3491	ACTV	First Franklin Corporation	SB	The company provides services in relation to acceptance of savings deposits from the general public and the orgination of mortgage loans for the purpo
3492	ACTV	Quantum Corporation	AP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied cyclical consumer things       
3493	ACTV	Rational Software Corporation	SP	The company provides integrated solutions that automate the software development process. the integrated solutions include unified tools, software eng
3494	ACTV	Raven Industries, Inc.	EI	The company is a specialized manufacturer of research balloons & related products. it has five business segments are electronic systems, flow controls
3495	ACTV	Rayovac Corporation	EI	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a series of unique and completely legal technology   
3496	ACTV	DSP Group, Inc.	CE	The group develops and markets products and technologies that perform digital signal processing (dsp), the electronic manipulation of digitized speech
3497	ACTV	NMT Medical, Inc.	ME	The company designs, develops and markets innovative medical devices that make use of advanced technologies that are delivered through the use of mini
3498	ACTV	Portugal Telecom SGPS S.A.	CU	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
3499	ACTV	Read-Rite Corporation	EI	The principal activities of the company are to design, manufacture and sell magnetic recording heads as head gimbal assemblies and headstack assemblie
3500	ACTV	RealNetworks, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the group is providing software products and services for internet media delivery. the company pioneered development of stre
3501	ACTV	First Financial Bancorp	RB	The principal activities of the group include offering a wide range of commercial banking services to individuals and business concerns which includes
3502	ACTV	North American Scientific, Inc.	BD	The company manufacures and markets a broad line of low-level radiation sources and standards. the company offers its products to medical, scientific 
3503	ACTV	Post Properties, Inc.	RE	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
3504	ACTV	Precis, Inc.	BS	The company develops and designs software applications using the smart card technology. the company is a custom memory and microprocessor card on whic
3505	ACTV	Recoton Corporation	EI	The principal activities of the group are the development, manufacturing and marketing of consumer electronic accessories, home and mobile audio produ
3506	ACTV	Pixar	MP	The principal activity of the company is to produce animated feature films, computer animated films and three dimensional characters, home videos, mer
3507	ACTV	Pioneer Natural Resources Company	OO	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of energy related goods      
3508	ACTV	Quiksilver, Inc.	AA	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
3509	ACTV	Northwest BioTherapeutics, Inc.	BD	Not available.          
3510	ACTV	Red Hat, Inc.	SP	The company develops, deploys and manages open source across internet infrastructure and devices that connect to the internet. the company derives rev
3511	ACTV	First Essex Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The company through its wholly-owned subsidiary first essex bank offers general banking services that include deposit accounts. the bank operates thro
3512	ACTV	Rio Tinto plc	MM	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
3513	ACTV	Redback Networks, Inc.	CE	The company provides advance networking systems and services. these systems enable carriers, cable operators and service providers to rapidly deploy h
3514	ACTV	Rediff.com India Limited	CS	Provides website internet services offering local language editions, sophisticated search capabilities, and online shopping.    
3515	ACTV	Register.com, Inc.	CS	The principal activity of the company is providing internet domain name registration and other online products and services.    
3516	ACTV	DSET Corporation	CS	The principal activity of the group is the provision of business-to-business e-commerce software solutions for the global telecommunications marketpla
3517	ACTV	Novavax, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company includes research, development and commercialization of proprietary products focussed on women's health and in
3518	ACTV	North Bancshares, Inc.	SB	A savings and loan holding company providing financial services through 2 retail banking offices located in chicago and wilmette, illinois. the compan
3519	ACTV	Premier Concepts, Inc.	RL	The company markets and retails high-end reproduction jewelry, 14 karat gold jewelry with cubic zirconia and other synthetic stones and sterling silve
3520	ACTV	REMEC, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the company are to operate in four groups: broadband wireless: develops and manufactures microwave products for fixed acce
3521	ACTV	First Banks America, Inc.	RB	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
3522	ACTV	R&B, Inc.	AP	The principal activity of the company is marketing and supplying hard-to-find parts and fasteners for the automotive aftermarket to retailers and whol
3523	ACTV	Roanoke Electric Steel Corporation	IS	The principal activities of the group are the manufacturing of merchant steel bar products, fabrication of open-web steel joists and concrete reinforc
3524	ACTV	Noven Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the company is the development of advanced transdermal and transmucosal drug delivery techniques.the company's principal com
3525	ACTV	Price Legacy Corporation	RE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
3526	ACTV	PNM Resources, Inc.	EU	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
3527	ACTV	Plains All-American Pipeline	OW	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy     
3528	ACTV	PriceSmart, Inc.	DD	Owns and operates international merchandising businesses consisting of membership shopping warehouses; And formerly offered discounts on new cars and 
3529	ACTV	PrimaCom AG	BC	The company's principal activities are the operation, acquisition and construction of cable television and broadband networks in germany and the nethe
3530	ACTV	Renaissance Learning, Inc.	SP	Provides learning information systems which consist of computer software and related training to improve student academic performance for kindergarten
3531	ACTV	First Bancorp	RB	The company is a one-bank holding company operating through its subsidiary first bank. the company also owns and operates two non-banking subsidiaries
3532	ACTV	Novo Nordisk A/S	BD	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique health care related items       
3533	ACTV	Prime Group Realty	RE	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
3534	ACTV	Prime Hospitality Corporation	HM	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
3535	ACTV	Repeater Technologies, Inc.	CE	The company develops and markets wireless network equipment for cdma-based wireless communication networks. the company provides cost effective, high 
3536	ACTV	Praxair, Inc.	CM	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
3537	ACTV	Racing Champions Corporation	RP	The company designs, develops, manufactures and markets die cast replicas of racing cars and related vehicles. the strategy of the company is to expan
3538	ACTV	Novogen Limited	BD	Discovers, develops, manufactures and markets pharmaceutical products based on phenolic technology.   
3539	ACTV	Primedia, Inc.	PP	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
3540	ACTV	Reptron Electronics, Inc.	EI	The principal activity of the company is to distribute electronic components, custom logistics and supply chain management services, engineering servi
3541	ACTV	First Albany Companies, Inc.	IV	The company provides investment banking services, which include managing, co-managing of tax-exempt and corporate securities, underwriting and financi
3542	ACTV	NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are the discovery and development of novel pharmaceutical products focused on neuropharmaceuticals and protein t
3543	ACTV	Princeton Review, Inc. (The)	SC	The principal activity of the company is to provide integrated classroom-based, print and online products and services that address the needs of stude
3544	ACTV	Prison Realty Corporation	RE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
3545	ACTV	Research Frontiers, Inc.	ST	The principal activity of the company is the development and marketing of technology and devices to control the flow of light. such devices, often ref
3546	ACTV	Policy Management Systems Corporation	BS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
3547	ACTV	Precision Drilling Corporation	OW	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different energy related things      
3548	ACTV	Resonate, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the company are to develop and market software products and services that ensure high levels of availability and performan
3549	ACTV	Retalix Limited	SP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
3550	ACTV	Retek, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are the provision and development of internet based business-to-business commerce networks and warehouse managem
3551	ACTV	Financial Federal Corporation	CF	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
3552	ACTV	Radica Games Limited	RP	Holding company with subsidiaries which design, develop, manufacture and distribute variety of non-gambling casino theme games, including handheld and
3553	ACTV	Nutraceutical International Corporation	BD	The principle activities of the company are to develop, manufacture and market high quality branded dietary supplements and bulk materials. these are 
3554	ACTV	Reynolds & Reynolds	CN	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
3555	ACTV	RF Monolithics, Inc.	EI	Rf monolithics, inc. designs, develops, manufactures and markets radio frequency component and module products. the company's four primary product are
3556	ACTV	DQE, Inc.	EU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related products   
3557	ACTV	Nutrition 21, Inc.	BD	Develops nontoxic protein anti-microbial peptides for use in human and veterinary healthcare.      
3558	ACTV	North Coast Life Insurance Company	IL	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
3559	ACTV	Private Business, Inc.	BS	The group provides integrated services and products that address the problems faced by community banks in managing accounts receivable financing provi
3560	ACTV	Rimage Corporation	CP	The company designs, manufactures and sells cd recordable (cd-r) and dvd duplication and production equipment. the cd-r production systems provides tu
3561	ACTV	Fidelity National Corporation	SB	The principal activities of the company are providing traditional deposit, lending, mortgage, securities brokerage, international trade services and t
3562	ACTV	Nymox Pharmaceutical Corporation	BD	Researches and develops neurological diagnostics and pharmaceuticals for the aging population with emphasis on alzheimer's disease.     
3563	ACTV	Private Media Group, Inc.	PP	The principal activities of the group are the acquisition, refinement and delivery of adult feature products and services, including a range of propri
3564	ACTV	RIT Technologies Limited	CE	Develops, manufactures and sells premise wiring products and premise and local loop connectivity management systems.    
3565	ACTV	Riverstone Networks, Inc.	CH	Provides metropolitan area internet infrastructure solutions that enable service providers to deliver advanced application value-added services to the
3566	ACTV	Pollution Research and Control Corporation	ST	The company designs, manufactures and markets automated continuous monitoring instruments used to detect and measure various types of air pollution su
3567	ACTV	Pride International, Inc	OW	The company performs a bunch of different energy related stuff        
3568	ACTV	Rawlings Sporting Goods Company, Inc.	RP	The company manufactures & supplies sports equipment & uniforms for team sports like baseball, basketball & football. the company's products include b
3569	ACTV	ProBusiness Services, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the group are the provision of employee administrative services for large employers, which includes payroll processing, pa
3570	ACTV	Professional Staff plc	BS	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide temporary laboratory scientists and technicians in the united kingdom.   
3571	ACTV	Ferrellgas Partners, L.P.	RL	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
3572	ACTV	ITT Industries, Inc.	CO	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different things    
3573	ACTV	Odyssey Healthcare, Inc.	HF	The company''s principal activity is to provide hospice services in the united states. as a hospice care provider, the company supports to improve the
3574	ACTV	North Country Financial Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the company are providing general commercial banking services to the customers. the company operates through its banking s
3575	ACTV	Robotic Vision Systems, Inc.	EI	The principal activities of the company are designing, manufacturing, marketing and selling of automated machine vision products. the company operates
3576	ACTV	PSi Technologies Holdings, Inc.	SM	Provides comprehensive package design, assembly and test services for power semiconductors used in telecommunications and networking systems, computer
3577	ACTV	Preformed Line Products Company	CV	The principal activity of the company is designing and manufacturing of products and systems employed in the construction and maintenance of overhead 
3578	ACTV	Rocky Shoes & Boots, Inc.	FO	The company designs, manufactures and markets high quality men's and women's footwear. the company markets its products under the trademark rocky(r). 
3579	ACTV	Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company are to develop innovative products for the treatment of cancer. based on the proprietary virus technology, the
3580	ACTV	Northeast Indiana Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The principal activity of the company consists of attracting retail deposits from the general public and investing those funds primarily in first mort
3581	ACTV	fashionmall.com, Inc.	RT	The principal activities of the company, is to market and sell fashion, apparel, footwear, beauty and related lifestyle products and accessories over 
3582	ACTV	Pepsi Cola Puerto Rico Bottling Company	BN	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
3583	ACTV	OraPharma, Inc.	BD	The company discovers, develops and commercializes pharmaceutical products for oral health care. the first product of the company is arestin which is 
3584	ACTV	Northern States Financial Corporation	RB	The company is a holding company for the bank of waukegan. the group accepts demand, savings and time deposits, securities sold under repurchase agree
3585	ACTV	Rockwell Automation, Inc.	EI	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
3586	ACTV	Polo Ralph Lauren Corporation	AA	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied cyclical consumer things       
3587	ACTV	Range Resources Corporation	OO	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
3588	ACTV	Northern Trust Corporation	RB	The principal activity of the group are the provision of trust, commercial banking and investment management services to domestic and international in
3589	ACTV	Prologis	RE	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
3590	ACTV	ProsoftTraining	SC	Trains individuals in small, medium and large organizations in internet and intranet technologies; And develops proprietary courseware.   
3591	ACTV	FactSet Research Systems, Inc.	CS	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
3592	ACTV	Presstek, Inc.	MG	The principal activities of the group are the development of non-photographic, digital imaging and printing plate technologies for the printing and gr
3593	ACTV	OraSure Technologies, Inc.	ME	The company''s principal activity is to develop, manufacture and market oral fluid specimen collection devices and diagnostic products. the company de
3594	ACTV	Northrim BanCorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group includes the provision of banking services which like jump up certificate of deposits, courier cash and non-cash
3595	ACTV	Public Storage, Inc	RE	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
3596	ACTV	Dialog Semiconductor plc	SM	Develops and supplies mixed signal component and system level solutions of wireless communications and automotive applications. the group also designs
3597	ACTV	Orchid Biosciences, Inc.	BD	The group develops and commercializes genetic diversity technologies, products and services for genetic biochemistry applications. the company's genet
3598	ACTV	Northway Financial, Inc.	RB	Northway financial, inc. is a bank holding company which provides financial services through 18 branches in new hampshire. the subsidiaries of the ban
3599	ACTV	Northwest Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The principal activity of the group is that of retail oriented financial institution offering traditional deposit and loan products and consumer finan
3600	ACTV	Publix Super Markets	GR	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
3601	ACTV	Expedia, Inc.	PS	The principal activities of the company are the provision of branded online travel services for leisure and small business travelers. the company offe
3602	ACTV	Repsol International Capital Limited	OI	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
3603	ACTV	Pulte Corporation	CV	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of really big items    
3604	ACTV	Rock Tenn Company	PA	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
3605	ACTV	Orphan Medical, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company is to design, develop, manufacture and market products of high medical value. the company offers drugs for pat
3606	ACTV	Potlatch Corporation	PA	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
3607	ACTV	Pepsi-Gemex, S.A. de C.V.	BN	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique non-cyclical consumer items      
3608	ACTV	Norwood Financial Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group are provision of personal, business credit services and trust and investment products to the consumers, business
3609	ACTV	Novaastar Financial, Inc.	MS	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
3610	ACTV	Qiao Xing Universal Telephone, Inc.	CU	Holding company with subsidiaries which manufacture and sell telecommunication terminals and equipment, including corded and cordless telephone sets i
3611	ACTV	Exar Corporation	SM	The company designs, develops and markets high-performance, high-bandwidth mixed signal (analog and digital) silicon solutions for the worldwide commu
3612	ACTV	Ortec International, Inc.	HF	The principal activity of the group is bio material and cell culture biotechnology company. the product stimulates the repair, replacement and regener
3613	ACTV	NSD Bancorp, Inc.	RB	A bank holding company which operates through its subsidiary, northside bank. the company offers retail banking services, such as demand, savings and 
3614	ACTV	Quebecor World, Inc.	PR	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
3615	ACTV	R.H. Donnelley Corporation	AE	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
3616	ACTV	Convergys Corporation	CN	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
3617	ACTV	Sea Containers Limited	WT	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique transportation related items     
3618	ACTV	PW Eagle, Inc.	CA	The company manufactures and distributes polyvinyl chloride pipe and polyethylene pipe and tubing products turf and agricultural irrigation, natural g
3619	ACTV	Orthodontic Centers of America, Inc.	HF	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of health care related products       
3620	ACTV	Nymagic, Inc.	IP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
3621	ACTV	ESS Technology, Inc	SM	The principal activities of the group are designing, marketing and supporting highly integrated mixed signal semiconductor, hardware and software and 
3622	ACTV	Repsol Ypf S.A.	OI	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different energy    
3623	ACTV	OceanFirst Financial Corporation	SB	The principal activities of the group are attracting retail deposits from the general public in the communities surrounding its branch offices and inv
3624	ACTV	Radio One, Inc.	BC	Owns and operates am and fm radio stations, primarily targeting african-americans.       
3625	ACTV	RadioShack Corporation	TH	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
3626	ACTV	PrimeEnergy Corporation	OO	The company develops, explores and produces crude oil and natural gas. the company's subsidiaries are primeenergy management corporation (pemc), prime
3627	ACTV	Performance Food Group Company	FP	The company markets and distributes food and non-food products to foodservices or food-away-from-home industry. the products include, canned & dry gro
3628	ACTV	Orthovita, Inc.	ME	The group develops, manufactures and markets synthetic bone substitutes for orthopaedic applications that are useful in spine and joint replacements. 
3629	ACTV	Official Payments Corporation	CF	The company provides electronic payment options to government entities. the company's systems enable consumers to use their credit cards and debit car
3630	ACTV	Rag Shops, Inc.	RL	Rag shops, inc., a specialty retail store, sells crafts, fabrics, related products and a wide variety of seasonal merchandise with special emphasis on
3631	ACTV	eSpeed, Inc.	CS	Holding company with subsidiaries which operate interactive electronic marketplaces designed to enable market participants to trade securities and oth
3632	ACTV	Quanta Services, Inc.	CV	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique capital goods    
3633	ACTV	Ostex International, Inc.	BD	The company discovers and commercializes products associated with osteoporosis and other collagen-related diseases. the main product of the company is
3634	ACTV	Ohio Casualty Corporation	IP	The principal activities of the group are to provide property and casualty insurance through its subsidiaries. the property and casualty segments are 
3635	ACTV	Rainbow Rentals, Inc.	RN	The group offers quality, name brand, durable merchandise, including home electronics, furniture, appliances and computers on rental or sale basis. th
3636	ACTV	Rick's Cabaret International, Inc.	RS	Rick's cabaret international, inc. owns and operates premiere adult nightclubs offering adult entertainment and restaurant and bar operations. the com
3637	ACTV	Rowe Companies	FF	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of cyclical consumer goods     
3638	ACTV	Owens & Minor, Inc.	ME	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to health care       
3639	ACTV	Old Republic International Corporation	IP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
3640	ACTV	Roxio, Inc.	SP	Provides digital content management software solutions which enable individuals to personalize and store music, photos, video and data onto recordable
3641	ACTV	Equity Marketing, Inc.	AE	The principal activities of the group are the provision of integrated custom promotional products and services that builds sales and brand awareness f
3642	ACTV	Omega Financial Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group are the provision of consumer and commercial banking services and trust and asset management services. consumer 
3643	ACTV	Omega Worldwide, Inc.	MS	The company provides asset management and management advisory services as well as equity and debt capital to health care industries. the company also 
3644	ACTV	RSA Security, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the company is to provide electronic security (e-security) solutions. the operations of the e-security solutions segment c
3645	ACTV	rStar Corporation	CS	Develops, provides and manages satellite-based networks for large-scale deployment across corporate enterprises, educational systems, and common inter
3646	ACTV	Printcafe Software, Inc.	SP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
3647	ACTV	Pilgrims Pride Corporation	FP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
3648	ACTV	Quipp, Inc.	MG	The company through its wholly owned subsidiary designs, manufactures, installs, services and markets post-press material handling equipment to newspa
3649	ACTV	OXiGENE, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the company is to conduct research and development of products for use in the treatment of cancer, anti-inflammatory agents 
3650	ACTV	Onyx Acceptance Corporation	CF	The company is a specialized consumer finance company engaged in the purchase, securitization and servicing of motor vehicle retail installment contra
3651	ACTV	Entropin, Inc.	BD	The company is a development stage pharmaceutical research that has developed esterom (r). esterom (r) is a topical formulation for the treatment of c
3652	ACTV	Seabulk International, Inc.	WT	The principal activities of the group are the provision of marine support and transportation services domestically and internationally, primarily serv
3653	ACTV	Royal Appliance Manufacturing Company	AT	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
3654	ACTV	Oriental Financial Group, Inc.	RB	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
3655	ACTV	Rainbow Technologies, Inc.	SS	The principal activities of the group include development and marketing of secure software distribution products, which prevent the unauthorized use o
3656	ACTV	Control Chief Holdings, Inc.	EI	The company functions as a holding company. the company through its subsidiary, control chief corporation designs, engineers and produces remote contr
3657	ACTV	Rohm & Haas Company	CC	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
3658	ACTV	ORIX Corporation	IL	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
3659	ACTV	Raindance Communications, Inc.	CU	Provides internet communication services which allows users to communicate and exchange voice, video and visuals in a simple, cost-effective manner th
3660	ACTV	Rudolph Technologies, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the company include designing, developing, manufacturing and supporting the high-performance process control metrology sys
3661	ACTV	Ensco International, Inc.	OW	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different energy related things      
3662	ACTV	RDO Equipment Company	MG	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of really big things        
3663	ACTV	Rush Enterprises, Inc.	AM	The company provides one-stop shop for trucking needs to its customers through a regional network of truck centers. the company provides retail sales 
3664	ACTV	Pacific American Income Shares, Inc.	IV	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
3665	ACTV	Ramsay Youth Services, Inc.	PS	The company provides specialized treatment and education programs to the troubled and at-risk youth in the united states. the services and programs in
3666	ACTV	Priority Healthcare Corporation	ME	Distributes specialty pharmaceuticals and related supplies to the alternate site healthcare market; And provides patient-specific, self-injectable bio
3667	ACTV	Playtex Products, Inc.	PH	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
3668	ACTV	Pacific Capital Bancorp	RB	The principal activities of the group are provision of commercial banking services to households, professionals and small to medium sized businesses. 
3669	ACTV	Rank Group plc (The)	MP	Provides leisure and entertainment services to the film industry. its leisure and entertainment activities include hard rock cafes and global rights t
3670	ACTV	Rare Hospitality International, Inc.	RS	The principal activity of the group is the operation of casual dining, full-service restaurants that serve lunch and dinner and offer full liquor serv
3671	ACTV	Endocardial Solutions, Inc.	ME	The principal activity of the company is to design, develop and manufacture minimally invasive and integrated diagnostic system that locates and facil
3672	ACTV	Rouge Industries, Inc.	IS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
3673	ACTV	Pacific Continental Corporation	RB	The company is a one-bank holding company which conducts its principal business activities through pacific continental bank. the company provides comm
3674	ACTV	Razorfish, Inc.	CU	The company provides global digital solutions. the company uses digital technologies to enhance communication and commerce between businesses and thei
3675	ACTV	RWD Technologies, Inc.	CS	The company provide a broad range of integrated solutions designed to improve the productivity and effectiveness of workers in complex operating envir
3676	ACTV	Rochester Gas & Electric Corporation	EU	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of energy related stuff      
3677	ACTV	Reinhold Industries, Inc.	AD	Manufactures advanced custom composite components and sheet molding compounds for a variety of applications.   
3678	ACTV	Russell Corporation	AA	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
3679	ACTV	Pacific Crest Capital, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group is to accept deposits and provide commercial real estate lending and small business administration lending in ca
3680	ACTV	RCN Corporation	CU	The principal activities of the group are the provision of local and long distance telephone, cable television and high-speed internet services to res
3681	ACTV	En Pointe Technologies, Inc.	CH	The activities of the company include providing and reselling of information technology products and services. the company offers computer and compute
3682	ACTV	Royal Gold, Inc.	GS	The company acquires and manages precious metals royalties. the company seeks to acquire existing royalties or to finance projects that are in product
3683	ACTV	Pacific Mercantile Bancorp	RB	The company is a state chartered commercial bank. the bank is a holding company that provides a broad range of traditional and internet banking produc
3684	ACTV	Pacific Northwest Bancorp	RB	The principal activity of the group (formerly interwest bancorp, inc.) offfers financial services which includes banking activities of accepting depos
3685	ACTV	Readers Digest Associates, Inc.	PP	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
3686	ACTV	Procter & Gamble Company	PH	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
3687	ACTV	Pacific Union Bank	RB	Not available.          
3688	ACTV	Realco, Inc.	RE	Realco, inc. provides a wide range of real estate related products and services. the company's operations are grouped into three principal segments: r
3689	ACTV	Realty Income	RE	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
3690	ACTV	Reed Elsevier NV	PP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
3691	ACTV	Empire District Electric Company	EU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related products   
3692	ACTV	Seacor Smit, Inc.	WT	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of transportation related products     
3693	ACTV	Rexhall Industries, Inc.	MH	The company designs, manufactures and sells class a motorhomes. these are self-contained and self-powered recreational vehicles used primarily for lei
3694	ACTV	Salton, Inc.	AT	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
3695	ACTV	Park Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company is a bank holding company which provides banking services and real estate development services through the subsidiaries, park federal savi
3696	ACTV	Consulier Engineering, Inc.	AP	The principal activities of the company is to distribute and market automobile and truck parts in the automotive and truck market and to develop advan
3697	ACTV	RPM, Inc.	CM	Owns and operates a bunch of different things        
3698	ACTV	Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The company is a chartered savings bank primarily engaged in attracting deposits from the public and investing the same in loans secured by one to fou
3699	ACTV	Regent Communications, Inc.	BC	Holding company with subsidiaries which acquire, own and operate radio stations in small and medium-sized markets in the united states.   
3700	ACTV	Regis Corporation	PS	The principal activities of the group are the ownership, operation, franchisor and consolidator of hair and retail product salons throughout the unite
3701	ACTV	Electronic Data Systems Corporation (EDS)	CS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
3702	ACTV	PacifiCare Health Systems, Inc.	HF	The principal activities of the group are the ownership and operation of federally qualified health maintenance organizations (hmos). these organizati
3703	ACTV	Patriot National Bancorp Inc.	RB	A commercial national bank (formerly known as patriot national bank) provides a broad range of consumer and commercial banking services to individuals
3704	ACTV	Regus plc	BS	Provides high quality business service to the global economy. new registrant.     
3705	ACTV	RemedyTemp, Inc.	BS	Provides clerical and light industrial temporary staffing services to industrial and service companies, professional organizations and governmental ag
3706	ACTV	Puget Sound Energy, Inc.	EU	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
3707	ACTV	Robo Group TEK Limited	MG	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of capita        
3708	ACTV	PacificHealth Laboratories, Inc.	BD	The principle activity of the company is developing and marketing natural products from natural ingredients for improving the health and other well be
3709	ACTV	PAULA Financial	IP	The company specializes in the production, underwriting and servicing of workers' compensation and accident and health insurance. the clients of the c
3710	ACTV	Rent-A-Center, Inc.	RN	The principal activity of the group is the provision of durable products such as home electronics, appliances, computers, furniture and accessories un
3711	ACTV	EganaGoldpfeil Limited	JS	Holding company with subsidiaries which design, manufacture and distribute timepieces and jewelry, including pearls, rings, earrings, necklaces, brace
3712	ACTV	General Electric Company	CO	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
3713	ACTV	Ryerson Tull, Inc.	MF	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
3714	ACTV	Pain Therapeutics	BD	The compnay is a development stage company, which develops new generation of opioid painkillers. opioid are derived from poppy plant. the company has 
3715	ACTV	Paulson Capital Corporation	IV	The company is a holding company providing security brokerage services through its wholly-owned subsidiary paulson investment company, inc. the subsid
3716	ACTV	Consolidated Products, Inc.	MG	Owns and operates a bunch of different capital things        
3717	ACTV	Penn Treaty American Corporation	IL	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
3718	ACTV	Rent-A-Wreck of America, Inc.	RN	The company markets and administers the rent-a-wreck and priceless vehicle rental franchise programs and related services. the company through its fra
3719	ACTV	Rentrak Corporation	MP	The company is engaged in the processing of information regarding the rental and sale of video cassettes and the distribution of prerecorded video cas
3720	ACTV	Republic Services, Inc.	WM	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
3721	ACTV	Edo Corporation	AD	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of capita        
3722	ACTV	SAES Getters S.p.A.	CM	Manufactures evaporable and non-evaporable getters used to create and maintain vacuum and purified gas environments; Manufactures special metal dispen
3723	ACTV	Palomar Medical Technologies, Inc.	ME	The principle activities of the group is to design, manufacture and market lasers, delivery systems and related disposable products for use in medical
3724	ACTV	Pennrock Financial Services Corporation	RB	The company operates through its bank subsidiary to deliver financial and related services to its customers. the subsidiary of the company blue ball n
3725	ACTV	Resources Connection, Inc.	BS	Provides experienced accounting and finance, human capital management and information technology professionals to clients on a project-by-project basi
3726	ACTV	Quaker City Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The principal activities of the bank is accepting deposits from the general public for the purpose of investing and lending activities. through its wh
3727	ACTV	Paradigm Genetics, Inc.	BD	The group determines gene function to develop novel products in four major sectors: crop production, nutrition, human health and industrial products. 
3728	ACTV	Reuters Group plc	BS	Collects and distributes current trading information for securities, commodities, options and futures from organized exchanges and over-the-counter ma
3729	ACTV	RFS Hotels Investors, Inc.	RE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
3730	ACTV	S T M Wireless, Inc.	CE	The company designs, manufactures and markets wireless based satellite and communications infrastructure products and also provides network services. 
3731	ACTV	Edison Schools, Inc.	SC	The company manages elementary and secondary public schools under contracts with school districts and charter schools. the company enrolled approximat
3732	ACTV	Smithway Motor Xpress Corporation	TR	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide nationwide truckload transportation of diversified freight, primarily concentrating on the flatbed seg
3733	ACTV	Paradigm Medical Industries, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the company are to develop, manufacture, market and sell advanced surgical and diagnostic equipments and related accessori
3734	ACTV	S1 Corporation	SP	The company provides infrastructure solutions for financial organizations enabling them to offer products, services and transactions over multiple del
3735	ACTV	Saba Software, Inc.	SP	The company provides human capital development and management infrastructure software and services. the internet-based software solutions are designed
3736	ACTV	Rochester Medical Corporation	ME	Rochester medical corporation develops, manufactures and markets innovative urinary continence and urine drianage care products for home care and acut
3737	ACTV	Sappi Limited	PA	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
3738	ACTV	Penns Woods Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the company are providing commercial and retail banking services to its customers through ten branch offices and a mortgag
3739	ACTV	Right Management Consultants, Inc.	BS	The company is an international career management and human resource consulting firm. the company develops and delivers career transition services and
3740	ACTV	Safeguard Scientifics, Inc.	CP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
3741	ACTV	Edison International	EU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the energy field      
3742	ACTV	Rowan Companies, Inc.	OW	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related items     
3743	ACTV	Pennsylvania Commerce Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company is a one bank holding company offering full range of retail and commercial banking services to consumers, small and mid-sized companies. t
3744	ACTV	RMH Teleservices, Inc.	BS	The principal activities of the company is to provide outsourced customer relationship management, or crm, services, offering multi-channel customer i
3745	ACTV	Roadhouse Grill, Inc.	RS	The principal business activity of the company are to operate, franchise and license full service casual dining restaurants. the restaurants offer a d
3746	ACTV	Quintalinux Limited	MG	Provides comprehensive consulting services, one-stop solutions, support and application development; And provides high quality construction services a
3747	ACTV	Peoples Bancorp	RB	The corporation is a holding company for peoples federal savings bank. the company is a unitary savings and loan holding company. the company provides
3748	ACTV	Robert Half International, Inc.	BS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
3749	ACTV	Sagent Technology, Inc.	SP	The pricipal activities of the group are developing, marketing and supporting software designed to address organizations' information access, analysis
3750	ACTV	Salon Media Group, Inc.	CS	Produces a network of subject-specific, demographically-targeted web sites and a variety of online communities, which provide news, features, intervie
3751	ACTV	Eagle Supply Group, Inc.	CX	The group is organized to acquire, integrate and operate seasoned, privately-held companies which distributes products to or manufacture products for 
3752	ACTV	Sasol Limited	CM	Converts crude oil and natural gas.        
3753	ACTV	Peoples Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The group is a multi-bank holding company providing an array of financial products and services through its subsidiaries. the services provided by the
3754	ACTV	Rogers Communication, Inc.	CU	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
3755	ACTV	Rogers Wireless Communications, Inc.	CU	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
3756	ACTV	Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc.	RB	The company is a multi-bank holding company operating through its three state-chartered wholly-owned subsidiaries: community bank of southern indiana,
3757	ACTV	Poore Brothers, Inc.	FP	The company produces, markets and distributes salty snack food products and potato chips. these products are sold through grocery retail chains and ve
3758	ACTV	Santos Limited	OO	Explores for, and develops oil and natural gas properties.      
3759	ACTV	Rollins, Inc.	BS	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
3760	ACTV	Sand Technology, Inc	CP	Holding company with subsidiaries which design, develop, market and support software products that enable users to retrieve information from large amo
3761	ACTV	E-Com Ventures, Inc.	RL	The company is a retail and wholesale distributor of designer fragrances with brand names such as estee lauder, fendi, yves saint laurent, fred hayman
3762	ACTV	Schnitzer Steel Industries, Inc.	IS	Collects, processes and recycles steel scrap; And manufactures finished steel products such as reinforcing bars, coiled rebar, wire rod, merchant bar,
3763	ACTV	Sandata Technologies, Inc.	CS	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide computerized data processing services, custom software and programming services; Provide hardware main
3764	ACTV	Sanmina-SCI Corporation	EI	Provides customized integrated electronic manufacturing services, including turnkey electronic assambly and manufacturing management services to origi
3765	ACTV	Sapiens International Corporation N.V.	SP	Provides high-scale information technology solutions that substantially improve software developer productivity, reduce the cost of building and maint
3766	ACTV	Reebok International Limited	FO	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique cyclical consumer items   
3767	ACTV	Stolt-Nielsen S.A.	WT	Transportation services: worldwide transportation, storage and distribution of bulk liquid chemicals, edible oils, acids and other specialty liquids t
3768	ACTV	Ross Stores, Inc.	RT	The principal activity of the group is the operation of a chain of off-price retail apparel stores. the company provides branded apparel, shoes and ac
3769	ACTV	Sapient Corporation	CS	The principal activity of the group are business & technology consultancy services to large companies. the company delivers its solutions through seve
3770	ACTV	SatCon Technology Corporation	SM	The principal activities of the group are the design, development and manufacture of intelligent, electro-mechanical products for aerospace, transport
3771	ACTV	Dynamics Research Corporation	CN	The company is engaged in providing innovative solutions partnering with customers to apply proven processes and technologies. the company provides sy
3772	ACTV	Patterson Dental Company	ME	The company is a full-service, value-added supplier of consumable products, advanced technology dental equipment, practice management software and off
3773	ACTV	Peoples Bancorp of North Carolina, Inc.	RB	The company is a state-chartered commercial bank offering banking services in catawba valley and surrounding communities. the company accepts deposits
3774	ACTV	Rouse Company	RE	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
3775	ACTV	Royal Ahold	GR	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
3776	ACTV	RPC, Inc.	OW	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy     
3777	ACTV	Pro-Fac Cooperative, Inc.	CR	Pro-fac cooperative, inc. is an agricultural cooperative corporation formed to process and market crops grown by its members. pro-fac crops include fr
3778	ACTV	Schweitzer Mauduit International, Inc.	PA	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
3779	ACTV	People's Bank	SB	The principal activity of the group is the provision of commercial and consumer banking services as well as asset management, investment and leasing s
3780	ACTV	Royal Caribbean Cruises Limited	RA	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
3781	ACTV	DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The group''s principal activity is to develop drugs in combination with light devices to treat or detect a variety of conditions in processes known as
3782	ACTV	Peoples Community Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The company through its wholly owned subsidiary peoples community bank conducts business from six offices in hamilton, warren and clinton counties in 
3783	ACTV	Royal KPN NV	BS	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
3784	ACTV	Royal Olympic Cruise Lines, Inc.	RA	The company's principal activities are the ownership, operation and management of a fleet of cruise ships serving eastern mediterranean waters, provid
3785	ACTV	Satyam Infoway Limited	SP	Provides internet access and internet services to consumers and businesses in india.      
3786	ACTV	Reliv' International, Inc.	FP	The company produces and distributes food products, which includes nutritional supplements, diet management products, functional foods, granola bars a
3787	ACTV	Scotts Company (The)	CM	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
3788	ACTV	Peoples Financial Corporation	RB	The bank is a one-bank holding company for the peoples bank, biloxi, mississippi. the bank provides a full range of banking, financial and trust servi
3789	ACTV	Rubio's Restaurants, Inc.	RS	The group operates high quality and quick service restaurants in the united states. the company operates 128 restaurants under the name rubio's baja g
3790	ACTV	SAVVIS Communications Corporation	CS	The company provides high quality, high performance global data networking and internet-related services to medium and large businesses, multinational
3791	ACTV	Ducommun, Inc.	AD	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique capital goods    
3792	ACTV	People's Preferred Capital Corporation	CF	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
3793	ACTV	Ruby Tuesday, Inc.	RS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
3794	ACTV	SBS Technologies, Inc.	EI	The principal activities of the group are designing and manufacturing of open-architecture, standard bus embedded computer components that system desi
3795	ACTV	ScanSoft, Inc.	SP	The company provides digital imaging software products for retail, oem and corporate markets. the company's products capture and convert paper documen
3796	ACTV	Commonwealth Industries, Inc.	MF	The company is a manufacturer of aluminum sheet and electrical products. the aluminum sheet products are produced using the conventional, direct-chill
3797	ACTV	Pediatric Services of America, Inc.	HF	The company is a provider of pediatric home health care services. the services provided by the company are home nursing, respiratory therapy, infusion
3798	ACTV	Peoples-Sidney Financial Corporation	SB	The principal activities of the group are attracting savings deposits from the general public and investing such funds in permanent mortgage loans sec
3799	ACTV	Ruddick Corporation	GR	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
3800	ACTV	Ryder System, Inc.	RN	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
3801	ACTV	DSI Toys, Inc.	RP	The company designs, develops, markets and distributes a variety of toys and children's consumer electronic products. the primary products of the comp
3802	ACTV	Valley Forge Scientific Corporation	ME	The principal activities of the company are development and manufacturing of medical devices and other health care products. the products of the compa
3803	ACTV	PFS Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The bank is a holding company operating completely through its wholly-owned subsidiary, peoples federal savings bank. the bank converted from mutual t
3804	ACTV	S & K Famous Brands, Inc.	RT	The company is engaged in the retail sale of men's apparel, that includes a full line of men's suits, sportcoats, slacks, shirts, ties, sportswear, sh
3805	ACTV	ScanSource, Inc.	CP	The company distributes specialty technology products, providing both value-added distribution sales to technology resellers and internet-based fulfil
3806	ACTV	Research in Motion Limited	CU	Develops, manufactures and markets radio modem technology for a variety of innovative devices for the wireless messaging narrowband personal communica
3807	ACTV	Swift Transportation Company, Inc.	TR	The principal activity of the group is truckload carrier service transporting retail and discount department store merchandise, manufactured goods, pa
3808	ACTV	Variagenics, Inc.	BD	The company is in the development and commercialization of technologies related to pharmacogenomics and it was originally formed to develop a pharmaco
3809	ACTV	Philadelphia Consolidated Holding Corporation	IP	The principal activities of the group are designing, marketing and underwriting specialty commercial and personal property and casualty insurance prod
3810	ACTV	Schmitt Industries, Inc.	ST	The principal activities of the company is to design, assemble, market and distribute electronic and mechanical components for the machine tool indust
3811	ACTV	drugstore.com, Inc.	DR	The company is an online retail drugstore and information site for health, beauty, wellness, personal care, pharmacy products and health related infor
3812	ACTV	PHSB Financial Corporation	SB	The company is a savings bank operating through its only subsidiary, peoples home savings bank. the bank accepts deposits from the general public and 
3813	ACTV	PMI Group, Inc. (The)	IP	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
3814	ACTV	Scient, Inc.	CS	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
3815	ACTV	Scientific Atlanta, Inc.	CE	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
3816	ACTV	Commonwealth Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The group is a bank holding company for commonwealth bank which provides general, commercial and mortgage banking services through 60 full service off
3817	ACTV	Varian Medical Systems, Inc.	ME	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied health care things     
3818	ACTV	Scientific Learning Corporation	SP	The company develops, markets and sells proprietary training software and other education products and services designed to increase human learning an
3819	ACTV	Scientific Technologies, Inc.	ST	The company designs, manufactures and markets electrical and electronic industrial controls. the products of the company include safety light guards, 
3820	ACTV	SciQuest, Inc.	SP	Provides integrated e-commerce, and asset management solutions for research enterprises and their supply chain partners worldwide. 
3821	ACTV	DrugMax, Inc.	HF	The company is a full-line, wholesale distributor of pharmaceuticals, over-the-counter products, health and beauty care products, and nutritional supp
3822	ACTV	Sabre Holdings Corporation	PS	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
3823	ACTV	Scitex Corporation Limited	CN	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
3824	ACTV	SCM Microsystems, Inc.	CP	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing and selling hardware, software and silicon. it enables people to conveniently and secu
3825	ACTV	ScreamingMedia, Inc.	CS	The company''s principal activity is to provide turnkey solutions to customers in target segments, such as in financial services industry, on corporat
3826	ACTV	Restoration Hardware, Inc.	RL	The company is a retailer of home furnishings, decorative and functional hardware and related merchandise. products sold by the company include furnit
3827	ACTV	SeaChange International, Inc.	CH	The principal activities of the group are the development, manufacture and sale of systems called video storage servers. these systems automate the ma
3828	ACTV	Secure Computing Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing and selling of computer software products and services. the products and services prov
3829	ACTV	SED International Holdings, Inc.	CH	The company is a distributor of computer peripherals, microcomputers and cellular telephone products throughout the united states and latin america. t
3830	ACTV	Sedona Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the group are developing, marketing, servicing and supporting enterprise scale internet customer relationship management (
3831	ACTV	Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream, Inc.	FP	The principal activities of the group are manufacturing and distributing premium and superpremium ice cream and other frozen dessert products. the com
3832	ACTV	TenFold Corporation	SP	The principal activity of the group is the provision of an applications development platform. this includes universal application and mission-critical
3833	ACTV	Teradyne, Inc.	SM	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
3834	ACTV	Terayon Communication Systems, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the group are the development, marketing and sale of broadband access systems that enable cable operators and other provid
3835	ACTV	SeeBeyond Technology Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the company are providing a complete solution for e-business integration software that enables the seamless flow of inform
3836	ACTV	SanDisk Corporation	CD	The principal activities of the group are to design, manufacture and market flash memory storage products that are used in a wide variety of electroni
3837	ACTV	Pediatrix Medical Group, Inc.	HF	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different health care things        
3838	ACTV	PNC Financial Services Group (The)	RB	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
3839	ACTV	Safeway, Inc.	GR	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
3840	ACTV	Salem Communications Corporation	BC	Provides radio broadcasting programming targeted at audiences interested in religious and family issues. new registrant.  
3841	ACTV	Dress Barn, Inc.	RT	The group operates a national chain of specialty stores offering in-season, moderate to better quality career and casual fashion to the working woman 
3842	ACTV	Penwest Pharmaceuticals Company	BD	The company is engaged in research, development and commercialization of novel drug delivery technologies. the fundamental expertise of the company is
3843	ACTV	Pointe Financial Corporation	RB	The company is a holding company of pointe bank, a state chartered commercial bank, florida.the bank offers residential, and commercial real estate lo
3844	ACTV	Thomas & Betts Corporation	EI	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
3845	ACTV	Terra Networks, S.A.	CS	Provides internet access and local-language interactive content and services to the residential and small office/home in the spanish and portuguese sp
3846	ACTV	Rex Stores Corporation	TH	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
3847	ACTV	Teekay Shipping Corporation	WT	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different transportation things      
3848	ACTV	Vascular Solutions, Inc.	ME	The company manufactures and sells vascular solutions duett (tm) sealing devices, which enables cardiologists and radiologists to rapidly seal the pun
3849	ACTV	Popular, Inc.	RB	Bank and savings and loan holding company with subsidiaries which perform commercial banking operations, savings bank operations, international bankin
3850	ACTV	Therma-Wave, Inc.	SM	Develops, manufactures, markets and services process control metrology systems for use in the manufacture of semiconductors.    
3851	ACTV	Donnelley R R & Sons Company	PP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
3852	ACTV	Port Financial Corporation	SB	The company owns all of the capital stock of cambridgeport. the company converted from a chartered mutual holding company to chartered stock holding c
3853	ACTV	Premier Community Bankshares, Inc	RB	A multi-bank holding company (formerly marathon financial corporation) offering a wide range of banking services to the general public. the bank provi
3854	ACTV	SEEC, Inc.	SP	The company provides a variety of software products and business solutions for transforming legacy assets through web-enablement, legacy application i
3855	ACTV	Semitool, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the company involve designing, developing and manufacturing high performance, single wafer and batch wet chemical processi
3856	ACTV	CKE Restaurants, Inc.	RS	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related things      
3857	ACTV	Fortune Brands, Inc.	CO	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
3858	ACTV	Sealed Air Corporation	CK	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
3859	ACTV	Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The company is a biopharmaceutical company engaged in the development and commercialization of cancer therapeutics and cancer diagnostics through a se
3860	ACTV	Premier Financial Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activity of the group is the provision of traditional banking services and trust services to customers located in the counties and adjoi
3861	ACTV	Diedrich Coffee	RS	Roasts and sells specialty coffee beans and brewed coffee beverages through company-owned and franchised stores, including espresso-based beverages an
3862	ACTV	Sanyo Electric Company Limited	AV	Produces audio and video equipment, home appliances, commercial electric and electronic equipment, and batteries and solar cells.  
3863	ACTV	Perrigo Company	BD	The principal activity of the group is the manufacture of store brand over-the-counter (otc) (non-prescription) pharmaceutical products and store bran
3864	ACTV	Prestige Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principle activities of the group are the provision of banking services. the company attracts deposits in the form of savings accounts such as pas
3865	ACTV	ThermoGenesis Corporation	ST	The company designs, manufactures and distributes equipment to process therapeutically valuable blood components including stem cells and surgicalseal
3866	ACTV	RF Industries, Inc.	EI	The principal activities of the group is designing, manufacturing and marketing communication equipment through the following divisions: rf connector 
3867	ACTV	Seminis, Inc.	CM	Develops, produces and markets fruit and vegetable seeds, such as beans, broccoli, cabbage, carrots, cauliflower, celery, chinese cabbage, cucumbers, 
3868	ACTV	Progress Financial Corporation	RB	The principal activity of the company is a unitary thrift holding company for progress bank. the bank provides community banking services, loans, comm
3869	ACTV	TheStreet.com, Inc.	CS	The group provides web-based financial news, commentary and information. the company collects subscriptions from subscribers to provide full access to
3870	ACTV	THQ, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the company is to develop, publish and distributes interactive entertainment software for use in hardware platforms in the h
3871	ACTV	Dickie Walker Marine, Inc.	AA	Designs and markets authentic lines of nautically-inspired apparel, gifts and decorative items, focuse in exclusive line of comfort-wear apparel and l
3872	ACTV	Pfizer, Inc.	MD	The company performs a bunch of different health care related stuff      
3873	ACTV	Progressive Corporation	IP	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
3874	ACTV	Thinkpath, Inc.	CS	Provides information technology, and engineering recruiting, project outsourcing, technical training, and skills management technology; And developed 
3875	ACTV	Semtech Corporation	SM	The principal activities of the group are manufacturing, designing and distribution of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors for commercial applicati
3876	ACTV	SAP A.G.	SP	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
3877	ACTV	Schlumberger, Litd.	OW	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different energy related things      
3878	ACTV	Pharmacopeia, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, distribution, and supports science and technology based products and services intende
3879	ACTV	Prosperity Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The principle activities of the company is to offer a variety of traditional loan and deposit products to its customers and small and medium-sized bus
3880	ACTV	Sento Corporation	CN	The principal activity of the group is to provide customer relations management service solutions for a diversified portfolio of organizations.the cus
3881	ACTV	Dick Clark Productions, Inc.	BC	Develops and produces television programming for major television networks, first-run domestic syndicators, advertisers and cable television, and thea
3882	ACTV	TPG N.V.	TR	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied transportation things    
3883	ACTV	Shaw Group, Inc.	MF	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
3884	ACTV	Photogen Technologies, Inc.	BD	Holding company with subsidiary which intends to develop photodynamic-related health care products base on proprietary simultaneous two photon excitat
3885	ACTV	Provident Bancorp, Inc.	SB	Provident bancorp, inc. provides financial services by accepting deposits and originating loans to individuals and businesses. the operations of the c
3886	ACTV	Rock of Ages Corporation	RM	Quarries, manufactures and distributes granite memorials used primarily in cemetaries.     
3887	ACTV	Provident Bankshares Corporation	RB	The corporation through its wholly owned subsidiary, provident bank offers consumer and commercial banking services. the bank offers related financial
3888	ACTV	SERENA Software, Inc.	SP	The principal activity to the group is the provision of ebusiness infrastructure software change management or scm which are used to manage and contro
3889	ACTV	Three-Five Systems, Inc.	EI	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
3890	ACTV	SGL CARBON Group	EI	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
3891	ACTV	Delta Galil Industries Limited	AA	The company is a global manufacturer and marketer of private label women's intimate apparel, men's underwear, socks, shirts, babywear, bras, leisurewe
3892	ACTV	PhotoMedex, Inc.	ME	The company designs, manufactures and markets therapeutic excimer laser-based instruments. these products are designed to treat psoriasis, vitiligo an
3893	ACTV	Provident Financial Group, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group are commercial banking which provides credit products and cash management services to commercial customers; Reta
3894	ACTV	Sands Regent (The)	CG	The company owns and operates the sands regency casino/hotel in reno, nevada. the casino/hotel has approximately 29,000 square feet of gaming space an
3895	ACTV	Siebel Systems, Inc.	SP	The company designs, develops, markets and supports siebel ebusiness applications, a software product. this product is designed to meet the sales and 
3896	ACTV	Cisco Systems, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the group is to design, develop, manufacture and provide technical support of networking products and services. the group 
3897	ACTV	Seitel, Inc.	OW	The company performs a bunch of different energy related stuff        
3898	ACTV	Shiloh Industries, Inc.	MF	The principal activities of the group are the processing of steel that supplies high quality blanks, stampings and processed steel to the automotive a
3899	ACTV	Physiometrix, Inc.	ME	The company develops, manufactures and markets noninvasive, advanced medical products using proprietary materials, electronics technology and software
3900	ACTV	Providian Financial Corporation	RB	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
3901	ACTV	Dean Foods Company	FP	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
3902	ACTV	Polydex Pharmaceuticals Limited	BD	Holding company with subsidiaries which manufacture and sell dextran and several of its derivatives including iron dextran, dextran sulphate and fetal
3903	ACTV	PSB Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activity of the company is the provision of offer residential and consumer loans and also renders community banking services principally
3904	ACTV	Pulaski Financial Corporation	SB	The principal activity of the company is to accept deposits from the general public and use such funds to originate one-to four-family residential mor
3905	ACTV	Santa Isabel S.A.	BS	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
3906	ACTV	Scios, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company are developing treatments for cardiovascular & inflammatory disease. the company is distinguished by their dis
3907	ACTV	Sigma-Aldrich Corporation	CM	The company develops, manufactures and distributes a broad range of biochemicals, organic chemicals, chromatography products and diagnostic reagents. 
3908	ACTV	Pulaski Savings Bank	SB	Pulaski bancorp inc. (formerly known as pulaski savings bank) is a bank holding company. the bank is a community oriented savings institution operatin
3909	ACTV	Saul Centers, Inc.	RE	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
3910	ACTV	SBC Communication, Inc.	CU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
3911	ACTV	Datakey, Inc.	SP	The company provides products and systems for information security markets that enable user authentication, secure data exchange and information valid
3912	ACTV	Shell Trans & Trading plc	OI	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
3913	ACTV	PVF Capital Corporation	SB	The company is a holding company for park view federal savings bank. the company operates through it's subsidiaries, park view federal savings bank, p
3914	ACTV	SBS Broadcasting S.A.	BC	The principal activity of the group is: owns and operates private commercial television and radio stations in scandinavia and other european countries
3915	ACTV	Schlotzsky's, Inc.	RS	The principal activity of the group is franchising of quick service restaurants that features made-to-order sandwiches with unique sourdough buns. the
3916	ACTV	Cintas Corporation	PS	The principal activities of the group are classified into two operating segments: rentals operating segment involves the design and manufacture of cor
3917	ACTV	PXRE Group Limited	IP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
3918	ACTV	Sierra Wireless, Inc.	CE	Developing, manufacturing, marketing, selling and supporting of a broad range of single and multi-mode wireless data modems and enabling software for 
3919	ACTV	Sigma Designs, Inc.	CP	The principal activities of the company is to design, develop, manufacture and market multimedia computer devices and products for use with personal c
3920	ACTV	SigmaTron International, Inc.	EI	The company provides electronic manufacturing services, which includes printed circuit board assemblies and completely assembled electronic products. 
3921	ACTV	DaimlerChrysler AG	AM	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of cyclical consumer goods     
3922	ACTV	Transport Corporation of America, Inc.	TR	The company provides truckload carriage, logistics and other transportation services in the united states and parts of canada. the services offered by
3923	ACTV	Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical Company Limited	CC	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
3924	ACTV	Quinenco S.A.	MS	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
3925	ACTV	Silicom Limited	SP	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
3926	ACTV	ServiceWare Technologies, Inc.	SP	The group''s principal activities are providing software and content solutions. the group develops and markets comprehensive service solutions to meet
3927	ACTV	Quotesmith.com, Inc.	IM	Provides internet-based insurance service which enables consumers and business owners to obtain instant quotes from insurance companies accross severa
3928	ACTV	Scholastic Corporation	PP	Holding company with subsidiaries which publish and distribute children's books, classroom and professional magazines and other educational materials;
3929	ACTV	Silicon Graphics, Inc.	CH	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
3930	ACTV	Silicon Image, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the company are the design, development and marketing of semiconductor solutions for applications that require cost-effect
3931	ACTV	Daily Journal Corporation	PP	The activities of the group include collecting and distributing information through its publications and serves as a newspaper representative speciali
3932	ACTV	Smith International, Inc.	OW	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different energy    
3933	ACTV	Possis Medical, Inc.	ME	The primary activities of the company is to develop and commercialize medical products to aid in the treatment of cardiovascular or vascular ailments.
3934	ACTV	Raymond James Financial, Inc.	IV	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
3935	ACTV	Silicon Laboratories, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the company are designing, manufacturing and marketing of proprietary high-performance mixed-signal integrated circuits fo
3936	ACTV	Second Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the company is a bank holding company operating through its wholly owned subsidiary, the second national bank of warren. t
3937	ACTV	Smurfit-Stone Container Corporation	PA	The company is a manufacturer of paper and paper-based packaging and is also a paper recycler. the company operates through two business segments: con
3938	ACTV	Pozen, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company are building a portfolio of products with significant commercial potential in targeted therapeutic areas. the 
3939	ACTV	Scientific Games Corporation	CG	The principal activity of the company is to supply instant tickets, systemsand services to lotteries and supply wagering systems and servic esto pari-
3940	ACTV	Silicon Storage Technology, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are the distribution of flash memory semiconductor devices for digital consumer, networking, wireless communicat
3941	ACTV	DA Consulting Group, Inc.	BS	The company provides employee education and end-user support solutions to companies investing in business information technology. the company addresse
3942	ACTV	Siliconix ,Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing and marketing of power and analog semiconductor products. the company's products ar
3943	ACTV	SilverStream Software, Inc.	SP	The company provides solutions for building, deploying and managing large scale internet, e-commerce, business to business, enterprise portal and intr
3944	ACTV	SimpleTech, Inc.	SM	The group''s principal activity is to provide technology solutions, offering products based on dynamic random access memory, static random access memo
3945	ACTV	SINA Corporation	CS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
3946	ACTV	Sherwin Williams Company	HI	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
3947	ACTV	Quilmes Industrial	BA	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things     
3948	ACTV	Socieda Quimica Min De Chile	CM	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
3949	ACTV	Praecis Pharmaceuticals	BD	The group develops peptide-based therapeutics for treatment of human diseases such as prostate cancer, alzheimer and inflammatory disease. abarelix-de
3950	ACTV	Sipex Corporation	SM	The principal activities of the group are the design, manufacture and selling of high performance and high value-added analog integrated circuits whic
3951	ACTV	Cytogen Corporation	BD	The principal activities of the group are the development, commercialization and distribution of products to improve diagnosis and treatment of cancer
3952	ACTV	Southern Pacific Petroleum N.L	OO	Explores, evaluates and researches oil shale; And explores for precious metals.    
3953	ACTV	Rofin-Sinar Technologies, Inc.	CA	Rofin-sinar technologies inc. designs, develops, engineers, manufactures and markets laser products for welding, cutting and marking a variety of indu
3954	ACTV	Sirenza Microdevices, Inc.	SM	Desings and supplies high performance radio frequency rf, components for communications equipment manufacturers; And offers a broad line of products t
3955	ACTV	SmartDisk Corporation	CP	The principle activities of the company is to design, develop, manufacture and market digital connectivity products and personal storage systems. the 
3956	ACTV	ChromaVision Medical Systems, Inc.	ST	The principal activities of the group are to develop, manufacture and market automated cellular imaging system. this substantially improves the accura
3957	ACTV	RBC Financial Group	IV	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
3958	ACTV	Sears Roebuck & Company	DD	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
3959	ACTV	SmartForce plc	CS	Provides comprehensive integrated e-learning solutions that help businesses support their critical strategic business initiatives and deploy knowledge
3960	ACTV	SmarTire Systems, Inc.	ST	Develops and markets line of tire monitoring systems designed to improve tire life, fuel efficiency, vehicle productivity and safety.    
3961	ACTV	Cymer, Inc.	SM	The company develops, manufactures and sells excimer laser illumination sources. the products of the company consist of photolithography light sources
3962	ACTV	Trinity Industries, Inc.	RR	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied transportation things     
3963	ACTV	Saucony, Inc.	FO	Designs, develops and manufactures a broad line of athletic footwear, including running, women's walking, cross training, outdoor trail shoes as well 
3964	ACTV	Sociedad Quimica y Minera de Chile	CM	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
3965	ACTV	Redwood Empire Bancorp	CF	The principal activities of the company are providing community banking services and merchant card services through five retail branches located in so
3966	ACTV	Silver Standard Resources, Inc.	GS	The company is in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing silver mineral properties in argentina, mexico, bolivia, australia and the unite
3967	ACTV	Ralcorp Holding, Inc.	FP	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things      
3968	ACTV	ROHN Industries, Inc.	CX	The principal activities of the group are the manufacture and installation of infrastructure products for the communications industry, including cellu
3969	ACTV	Prime Medical Services, Inc.	HF	The principal activities of the group are the provision of non-medical management services to lithotripsy, prostatherapy, and cardiac rehabilitation c
3970	ACTV	Reinsurance Group of America, Inc.	IL	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
3971	ACTV	Cygnus, Inc.	ME	The company develops and manufactures diagnostic medical devices, utilizing proprietary technologies to satisfy unmet medical needs cost-effectively. 
3972	ACTV	Streicher Mobile Fueling, Inc.	OO	The principal activities of the company is providing mobile fueling services, primarily to customers which operate large fleets of vehicles. the compa
3973	ACTV	RenaissanceRe Holdings Limited	IP	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
3974	ACTV	Service Corporation International	PS	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
3975	ACTV	Servicemaster Company	BS	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
3976	ACTV	Shoe Carnival, Inc.	RT	The principal activity of the company is to provide family footwear.the company also carry other merchandise including handbags, wallets, shoe car ite
3977	ACTV	Scania AB	AM	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied cyclical consumer things       
3978	ACTV	Republic Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activity of the company is providing retail, commercial and mortgage banking products and services through its subsidiaries. the bank al
3979	ACTV	Republic Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
3980	ACTV	Smith A O Corporation	EI	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
3981	ACTV	Curon Medical, Inc.	ME	The company''s principal activities are developing, manufacturing and marketing of innovative proprietary products for the treatment of gastrointestin
3982	ACTV	Roper Industries, Inc.	MG	Owns and operates a bunch of different capital things        
3983	ACTV	Republic First Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group includes a variety of banking services through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, first republic bank and republic f
3984	ACTV	Smith Micro Software, Inc.	SP	The company develops and sells ecommerce and communications software for personal, business and professional services consulting. the company operates
3985	ACTV	SMTC Corporation	CE	The principal activity of the company is to provide advanced electronic manufacturing services or ems to electronics industry original equipment manuf
3986	ACTV	Simmons First National Corporation	RB	The principal activity of the group is the provision of guaranteed student loans, mortgage banking services, commercial banking services to individual
3987	ACTV	Sharper Image Corporation	RL	The company sells innovative and entertaining products through its retail stores, catalog, internet and other marketing channels through the united st
3988	ACTV	SMTEK International, Inc.	EI	The company manufactures electronic components and provides integrated solutions to original equipment manufacturers. the products offered by the comp
3989	ACTV	Socket Communications, Inc.	CE	The company develops and markets connection solutions for handheld computers. the company's products include a family of low power battery friendly pc
3990	ACTV	Software Spectrum, Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the company provides business-to-business software services.the company operates in two segments namely software services 
3991	ACTV	CuraGen Corporation	BD	Discovers and develops therapeutic and agricultural products.         
3992	ACTV	Redhook Ale Brewery, Inc.	BA	The group brews various styles and flavours of crafted beer in the united states. the company produces nine distinctive brands of beer: redhook e.s.b,
3993	ACTV	Streicher Fuels	OO	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of energy related goods      
3994	ACTV	School Specialty, Inc.	FF	The principal activity of the group is the marketing of non-textbook educational supplies and furniture to schools for pre-kindergarten through twelft
3995	ACTV	Shaw Communications, Inc.	BC	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
3996	ACTV	Check Point Software Technologies Limited	SP	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
3997	ACTV	Ryland Group, Inc.	CV	The company performs a bunch of different capital stuff       
3998	ACTV	Shenandoah Telecommunications Company	CU	The principal activities of the group are to provide both regulated and unregulated telecommunication services through its nine wholly-owned subsidiar
3999	ACTV	Shoe Pavilion, Inc	RT	The company is an independent off-price footwear retailer which offers a broad selection of women's and men's designer label and name brand merchandis
4000	ACTV	Solectron Corporation	EI	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
4001	ACTV	Cummins, Inc.	MG	The company performs a bunch of different capital stuff       
4002	ACTV	Federal Signal Corporation	CO	The company performs unique and varied things        
4003	ACTV	U.S. Xpress Enterprises, Inc.	TR	The principal activities of the company are providing transportation and logistics services under its two operating segments us xpress inc and csi/cro
4004	ACTV	Resource America, Inc.	MS	The company operates in two segments; Energy & real estate financing. under energy segment the company drills for and produces natural gas in the appa
4005	ACTV	Shuffle Master, Inc.	CG	The principal activities of the company are to develop, manufacture and market automatic card shuffling equipment and gaming products. gaming products
4006	ACTV	Skechers USA, Inc.	FO	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied cyclical consumer things   
4007	ACTV	RHBT Financial Corporation	RB	The company is a one bank holding company for rock hill bank and trust. the group is a state-chartered commercial bank. the group provides banking ser
4008	ACTV	Shurgard Storage Centers, Inc.	RE	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
4009	ACTV	SignalSoft Corporation	CU	The group provides a suite of software products that enable the delivery of location-based voice and data services to wireless network operators. the 
4010	ACTV	Somera Communications, Inc.	CE	The principal activity of the company is the provision of telecommunications infrastructure equipment and services to telecommunication carriers, whic
4011	ACTV	Cross Country, Inc.	BS	The company''s principal activity is the provision of healthcare staffing services in the united states. the services include travel nurse staffing se
4012	ACTV	Richfood Holdings, Inc.	FP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique non-cyclical consumer items      
4013	ACTV	Suncor Energy, Inc.	OI	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy     
4014	ACTV	Pro-Dex, Inc.	ME	The group is a holding company of two major subsidiaries. the group manufactures handpieces for dental industry and miniature pneumatic motors with me
4015	ACTV	Riverview Bancorp, Inc	SB	The company is a bank holding company operating through its wholly owned subsidiary riverview savings bank. the principal activities of the bank inclu
4016	ACTV	Cellstar Corporation	CE	The group is a global provider of distribution and value-added logistics services to the wireless communications industry. the group facilitates effec
4017	ACTV	Solutia, Inc.	CM	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
4018	ACTV	Progen Industries Limited	BD	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied health care things      
4019	ACTV	RLI Corporation	IP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
4020	ACTV	Signet Group plc	RL	Retailing of jewellery, watches and gifts with branches throughout the united kingdom and the united states. it currently operates 1,604 speciality re
4021	ACTV	Century Aluminum Company	MF	The principal activities of the group include production and sales of a primary aluminum products. the products of the company are rolling ingot, t - 
4022	ACTV	Rome Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The company is a one bank holding company for the rome savings bank. the company is a community-oriented and a chartered mutual savings association. t
4023	ACTV	Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (The)	RB	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
4024	ACTV	Silent Witness Enterprises Limited	SS	Develops, manufactures and markets electronic video surveillance and monitoring systems for school buses, transit systems and commercial and individua
4025	ACTV	Sonic Solutions	CN	The company develops software and workstations used to edit and process digital audio and digital video. the products include plug-in hardware and app
4026	ACTV	Maxwell Technologies, Inc.	CH	The company develops, manufactures and markets electronic components and power and computing systems. the components developed are used in transportat
4027	ACTV	Protein Design Labs, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the group are the development of humanized and human monoclonal antibodies disease treatment and prevention. the company has
4028	ACTV	Royce Value, Inc.	MS	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
4029	ACTV	Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.	BC	The company is a diversified television broadcasting company that provides programming services to television stations. the company owns and operates 
4030	ACTV	Sirius Satellite Radio Inc.	BC	The company is a pioneer in the development of services for broadcasting digital quality music programming via satellites to vehicles, throughout the 
4031	ACTV	Criticare Systems, Inc.	ME	The company designs, manufactures and markets vital signs and gas monitoring instruments and related noninvasive sensors which are used to monitor pat
4032	ACTV	Riviana Foods, Inc.	FP	The principal activities of the group is processing, marketing and distributing rice and other food products. the rice operations are conducted in the
4033	ACTV	Sunoco, Inc.	OO	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different energy related things      
4034	ACTV	RTW, Inc.	IP	The company provides comprehensive management products and services to employers for their workers' compensation programs. the products and services a
4035	ACTV	Sitel Corporation	BS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
4036	ACTV	ShoLodge, Inc.	HM	The company develops, owns and operates all-suites hotels under the brand name sumner suites and is an operator and franchisor of shoney's inns. the c
4037	ACTV	Rurban Financial Corporation	RB	The principal acitivity of the company is a bank holding company providing services to business of commercial banking through its subsidiaries: the st
4038	ACTV	SONICblue, Inc.	EI	The company designs, develops and markets products for the digital media, consumer electronics, internet appliance and home networking markets. the bu
4039	ACTV	SonicWALL, Inc.	CE	Provides internet security solutions designed for broadband access customers in the small to medium enterprises, or sme, branch office, telecommuter a
4040	ACTV	Sorrento Networks Corporation	CE	Designs, manufactures and markets integrated networking and bandwidth aggregation products for enhancing performance of data and telecommunications in
4041	ACTV	Crayfish Company Limited	CS	Crayfish co., ltd. was established in 1995 and became publicly held in march 2000. the company is an internet business server operator serving small a
4042	ACTV	Sauer-Danfoss, Inc.	MG	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied capital things       
4043	ACTV	S&T Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activity of the group is to provide full banking services through the company's wholly owned subsidiaries, s&t bank and s&t investment c
4044	ACTV	Sparton Corporation	SM	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
4045	ACTV	SpectraLink Corporation	CE	The principal activities of the company are the designing, manufacture and sale of on-premises wireless telephone systems. the company supports two wi
4046	ACTV	SmartServ Online, Inc.	CS	The company provides web and wireless applications and infrastructure that allow financial institutions, network service providers and other businesse
4047	ACTV	Select Comfort Corporation	FF	The company develops, manufacturers and markets premium quality, innovative adjustable-firmness beds and other sleep- related products. the company of
4048	ACTV	Provalis plc	BD	Develops innovative, orally available therapeutic products and doctor's office diagnostic products.   
4049	ACTV	SAFECO Corporation	IP	The company provides property and casualty, surety and life insurance throughout the united states. the other operations of the company include commer
4050	ACTV	Spectrian Corporation	CE	The principal activities of the company are designing, manufacturing and marketing high-power radio frequency (rf) amplifiers for the global wireless 
4051	ACTV	Crane Company	MF	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
4052	ACTV	Swift Energy Company	OO	The company performs a bunch of different energy related stuff        
4053	ACTV	PSS World Medical, Inc.	ME	The company markets and distributes medical supplies, equipment and pharmaceuticals to primary care and other office-based physicians. the physician s
4054	ACTV	Sanders Morris Harris Group, Inc.	IV	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide financial services, including investment banking, securities brokerage, asset management and fiduciary
4055	ACTV	Sizeler Property Investors, Inc.	RE	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
4056	ACTV	Bruker AXS, Inc.	ST	Bruker AXS develops a wide variety of technological products for multiple industries and applications       
4057	ACTV	Robert Mondavi Corporation (The)	BA	Holding company with subsidiaries which produce and sell high quality premium table wines.   
4058	ACTV	Southern Energy Homes, Inc.	CV	The principal activities of the company are production and retail sale of manufactured homes, retail financing of manufactured homes and operation of 
4059	ACTV	Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group are the provision of full-service commercial banking, mortgage banking and trust business. services to individua
4060	ACTV	SK Telecom Company Limited	CU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
4061	ACTV	Conectiv, Inc.	CE	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
4062	ACTV	Snap-On, Inc.	AT	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
4063	ACTV	Pure World, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company is to develop, manufacture and sell natural ingredients which are principally derived from plant materials usi
4064	ACTV	Sanpaolo IMI	RB	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
4065	ACTV	Santa Fe Financial Corporation	MS	The company invests in real estate properties, income producing instruments, equity and debt securities. the company's investments include an interest
4066	ACTV	Smith & Nephew plc	ME	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different health care things        
4067	ACTV	Southwest Water Company	WU	The company provides water and wastewater services throughout california, new mexico, texas and mississippi. the company operates and manages water an
4068	ACTV	Syntroleum Corporation	OO	The company develops, owns and licenses a proprietary catalytic process for converting natural gas to synthetic liquid hydrocarbon, known as gas-to-li
4069	ACTV	SPACEHAB, Inc.	AD	The principal activities of the company are to develop, own and operate habitable modules that provide space-based laboratory research facilities and 
4070	ACTV	Savannah Bancorp, Inc. (The)	RB	The company is a multi-bank holding company for bryan bank & trust and the savannah bank, national association. the company provides full range of dep
4071	ACTV	CompuCredit Corporation	CF	The principal activities of the group are offering unsecured credit and fee based products and services to a specialised segment of the consumer credi
4072	ACTV	SL Green Realty Corporation	RE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
4073	ACTV	SM&A	BS	The company provides information technology services, software products and business solutions, high end systems engineering services, and integrated 
4074	ACTV	Smart & Final, Inc.	GR	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
4075	ACTV	Smith & Wollensky Restaurant Group, Inc. (The)	RS	Own and operates high-end, high-volume restaurants in the united states. new registrant.    
4076	ACTV	SkillSoft Corporation	CS	The company is a development stage company, which provides professional training courses. these courses are accessible by users with a web browser thr
4077	ACTV	Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory, Inc.	FP	The company manufactures, franchises and operates retail stores of premium chocalate candies and other confectionery products. the revenues of the com
4078	ACTV	Stanley Furniture Company, Inc.	FF	The company designs and manufactures wood furniture for the residential market. the company offers diversified products in various styles and categori
4079	ACTV	Softnet Systems, Inc.	BS	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide high-speed internet access and other internet-related services to homes and businesses; And formerly d
4080	ACTV	Sonesta International Hotels Corporation	HM	The principal activity of the company is the operation of hotels that it owns or leases in boston, massachusetts, key biscane, florida; New oreleans, 
4081	ACTV	Community Capital Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activity of the group is provision of banking services. the group provides a broad range of lending and deposit services to the individu
4082	ACTV	Speizman Industries, Inc.	MG	The principal activity of the group is the distribution of technologically advanced sock knitting machines and sheer hosiery knitting machines manufac
4083	ACTV	Sonoco Products Company	PA	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
4084	ACTV	Sonic Corporation	RS	The principal activities of the group are the operation and franchising of drive-in restaurants in the united states which offer made-to-order hamburg
4085	ACTV	SonomaWest Holdings, Inc.	RN	The primary business revenue of the company is generated from the leasing of its two industrial properties, located in sebastopol, california. the pro
4086	ACTV	Sonera Corporation	BS	Provides mobile communications and mobile-based services and applications. new registrant.   
4087	ACTV	T-3 Energy Services, Inc.	OW	Provides a range of oilfield products and services primarily to major and independent oil and gas companies, operators of petrochemical and refinery p
4088	ACTV	QLT, Inc.	BD	Researches, develops and commercializes light activated drugs for the treatment of cancer, diseases of the eye and other medical conditions. 
4089	ACTV	Spectrum Control, Inc.	EI	The company designs, manufactures and markets a broad range of control products and systems. the products are used for the protection of electronic eq
4090	ACTV	Spectrum Signal Processing, Inc.	EI	Designs, develops and markets high-density, wireless signal and voice over packet processing systems for communications infrastructure applications su
4091	ACTV	Commercial Metals Company	MM	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
4092	ACTV	Stanley Works	AT	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
4093	ACTV	Quest Diagnostics, Inc.	HF	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different health care related things     
4094	ACTV	Sce&G	MS	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
4095	ACTV	SpeechWorks International, Inc.	SP	The company''s principal activity is to provide software products and services that enable enterprises and communications carriers to offer automated,
4096	ACTV	Briggs & Stratton Corporation	MG	The company performs a bunch of different capital stuff       
4097	ACTV	TC PipeLines, L.P.	NG	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy production a        
4098	ACTV	Ronson Corporation	PH	The company manufactures and markets consumer products and provides aviation services to general public and government agencies. the company's consume
4099	ACTV	SCPIE Holdings, Inc.	IA	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
4100	ACTV	SOS Staffing Services, Inc.	BS	The company provides a various staffing and consulting services. it also provides a broad range of commercial & information technology services. the s
4101	ACTV	Commerce Bancorp, Inc.	RB	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
4102	ACTV	Quigley Corporation (The)	BD	The principal activities of the group is to develop, manufacture, market and distribute cold-eeze(r), cold remedy lozenge, natural sun and skin produc
4103	ACTV	Sothebys Holdings, Inc.	RL	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
4104	ACTV	Southwestern Bell Telephone Company	CU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
4105	ACTV	Speedcom Wireless Corporation	CE	The company has two divisions, wave wireless corporation and installguys. the wireless products & services are designed to meet the backbone & last mi
4106	ACTV	SourcingLink.net, Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the company involves; Developing internet-based hosted solution and providing professional services in the area of interne
4107	ACTV	Talisman Energy, Inc.	OO	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
4108	ACTV	Steelcase, Inc.	FF	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
4109	ACTV	Quintiles Transnational Corporation	BD	The principal activities of the company is to provide integrated product development and commercial development solutions to the pharmaceutical, biote
4110	ACTV	Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida	RB	The principal activities of the company are providing a full range of deposit accounts and retail banking services. the services also includes consume
4111	ACTV	Coles Myer	DD	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
4112	ACTV	Seacoast Financial Services Corporation	SB	The principal activities of the group include gathering of deposits from customers within its market area and investing those funds in residential and
4113	ACTV	Sovran Self Storage, Inc.	RE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
4114	ACTV	Spherix, Inc.	CS	The company provides information and biotechnology services. the company is managed along two business segments, biospherix and infospherix. the biosp
4115	ACTV	Spire Corporation	SM	The principal activities of the group are developing, manufacturing and marketing highly engineered solar electric manufacturing equipment and systems
4116	ACTV	Bridgforth, Inc.	RS	The group manufactures, markets and distributes frozen, refrigerated & snack food products. the products manufactured and distributed by the company c
4117	ACTV	Steinway Musical Instruments, Inc.	RP	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
4118	ACTV	Raytel Medical Corporation	ME	Provides healthcare services and diagnostic imaging procedures focusing on the needs of patients with cardiovascular disease; And develops and manages
4119	ACTV	Security Financial Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company is a federally-chartered savings bank functioning through its wholly owned subsidiary, security federal bank & trust. the principal busine
4120	ACTV	SportsLine.com, Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the group are that of an internet-based sports media company that provides branded, interactive information and programmin
4121	ACTV	Coeur D Alene Mines Corporation	GS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
4122	ACTV	TECO Energy, Inc.	EU	Owns and operates a bunch of different energy related things     
4123	ACTV	Sanderson Farms, Inc.	FP	The principal activities of the group are: a fully integrated poultry processing company which produces, processes, markets and distributes fresh and 
4124	ACTV	Regeneration Technologies, Inc.	BD	Regeneration technologies, inc. processes and distributes human musculoskeletal and other comprehensive healing and natural tissue products. these tis
4125	ACTV	SEI Investments Company	IV	The principal activities of the group are divided into four segments: technology services including the trust and products lines operations; Mutual fu
4126	ACTV	Southern Union Company	NG	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related products   
4127	ACTV	TEPPCO Partners, L.P.	OW	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
4128	ACTV	Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	Applies molecular and cell biology to discover potential treatment for neurodegenerative diseases, peripheral neuropathies and nerve injury. diseases 
4129	ACTV	Selective Insurance Group, Inc.	IP	The principal activities of the group are the provision of regional property and casualty insurance; Alternative risk management products and managed 
4130	ACTV	SPSS, Inc.	SP	The company develops and distributes technology, which is essential to the analysis of data in decision-making. the technology offers wide array of da
4131	ACTV	CoActive Marketing Group, Inc.	BS	The copany is a e-commerce business organization which designs, develops and implements turnkey customized national, regional and local consumer and t
4132	ACTV	Steven Madden Limited	FO	The principal activites of the company include designing, sourcing, marketing and selling fashion-forward footwear brands for women, men and children.
4133	ACTV	Shore Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The company, through its bank subsidiaries, provides commercial and consumer banking services. the deposit products of the company include commercial 
4134	ACTV	SRS Labs, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the company is to develop and provide audio and voice technology solutions for the consumer electronics, home theater, com
4135	ACTV	SS&C Technologies, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the company is to provide client/server-based financial software solutions and related consulting services, designed to impr
4136	ACTV	Smedvig	OW	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
4137	ACTV	Rehabilicare, Inc.	ME	The activities of the group include designing, manufacturing and providing electromedical pain management and rehabilitation products and servicing fo
4138	ACTV	Shore Financial Corporation	RB	The bank is a unitary holding company which operates through its subsidiary shore bank. the bank was converted from federally chartered savings bank t
4139	ACTV	Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc.	BC	Owns and operates spanish-language am and fm radio stations.     
4140	ACTV	SSP Solutions, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the company is to provide professional internet data security services and develop and market software and microprocessor-
4141	ACTV	CMGI, Inc.	MS	The group operates through the following segments: interactive marketing segment - provides a portfolio of online marketing products; Ebusiness and fu
4142	ACTV	Emerson Electric Company	CO	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
4143	ACTV	Savia S.A.	CR	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
4144	ACTV	Repligen Corporation	BD	The company develops new drugs based on naturally occurring peptides and proteins for debilitating pediatric diseases including autism, leukemia, meta
4145	ACTV	Spartan Stores, Inc.	GR	The company distributes grocery and other related products to retail outlets. the company operates in four segments: grocery store distribution, conve
4146	ACTV	SpectRx, Inc.	ME	The company is into medical diagonstics that develops, manufactures and markets products that offers less invasive alternatives to blood tests and tis
4147	ACTV	Stoneridge, Inc.	AP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied cyclical consumer things       
4148	ACTV	Southern Peru Copper Corporation	MM	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
4149	ACTV	Siebert Financial Corporation	IV	The company provides discount brokerage services to customers, investment banking services to institutional clients and trading securities for its own
4150	ACTV	SpectraSite Holdings, Inc.	CU	The principal activities of the group are the provision of services to companies operating in the telecommunications industry. the services includes, 
4151	ACTV	ClearOne Communications, Inc.	CE	The company develops, manufactures, markets and distributes products and services for the conferencing equipment, conferencing services and broadcast 
4152	ACTV	UAL Corporation	AR	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different transportation related thing    
4153	ACTV	Sierra Health Services, Inc.	IA	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
4154	ACTV	SpeedUs.com, Inc.	CU	The principal activities of the group is to develop and provide wireless data services that enable and enhance the use of internet-based content on mo
4155	ACTV	Speedway Motorsports, Inc.	RA	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
4156	ACTV	Bonso Electronics International, Inc.	MG	Holding company with subsidiaries which design, develop, manufacture and market electronic scales, weighing instruments and electronic consumer and he
4157	ACTV	Silicon Valley Bancshares	RB	The company is a bank holding company, which operates through its principal subsidiary, silicon valley bank. the company provides commercial lending a
4158	ACTV	Sport Chalet, Inc.	RL	The company operates sporting goods stores and provides an assortment of quality branded products for both experts and beginners. the merchandise incl
4159	ACTV	Sports Authority, Inc.	RL	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
4160	ACTV	SteelCloud, Inc.	CH	Develops turnkey network server appliances that deliver immediate results for the customer.       
4161	ACTV	Citizens Financial Corporation	IA	The principal activities of the group is to provide life insurance, annuities and accident and health insurance through its subsidiaries, citizens sec
4162	ACTV	Scheid Vineyards, Inc.	CR	The principal activity of the group is the production of premium varietal wine grapes. the group operates approximately 6000 acres of wine grape viney
4163	ACTV	Strattec Security Corporation	AP	The principal activities of the company are designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing mechanical and electro-mechanical locks and related acc
4164	ACTV	Southwall Technologies, Inc.	FR	The principal activities of the company is to design, develop, manufacture and market sputtered thin-film coatings on flexible substrates for energy c
4165	ACTV	Sprint Corporation	CU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
4166	ACTV	St. Francis Capital Corporation	SB	The company operates through its wholly-owned subsidiary, st. francis bank, f.s.b., a federally-chartered stock savings bank. the bank accepts retail 
4167	ACTV	Res-Care, Inc.	HF	The principal activity of the group is providing residential, training, educational and support services to populations with special needs, including 
4168	ACTV	St. Joe Company	RE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
4169	ACTV	Stage Stores, Inc.	RT	Holding company with subsidiary which operates retail stores, primarily in the central united states, offering branded, moderately priced fashion appa
4170	ACTV	Stellent, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are the provision of web content management solutions for intranets, extranets and the internet; On-demand publi
4171	ACTV	Circuit City Stores, Inc.	TH	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
4172	ACTV	STMicroelectronics N.V.	SM	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
4173	ACTV	StockerYale, Inc.	CE	The company is a diversified manufacturer of lighting systems for measuring and inspection equipment in microscopy and machine vision markets. the com
4174	ACTV	StorageNetworks, Inc.	CS	The company provides remote, online data storage services to established enterprises, internet-based business and other users of information technolog
4175	ACTV	StorageTek Corporation	CP	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
4176	ACTV	Star Gas Partners L.P.	OI	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related items     
4177	ACTV	Stride Rite Corporation	FO	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied cyclical consumer things       
4178	ACTV	Spartech Corporation	FR	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
4179	ACTV	Resmed, Inc.	ME	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique health care related items       
4180	ACTV	STET Hellas Telecommunications S.A.	CU	Provides mobile telecommunications services in greece; Operates retail stores which offer mobile handsets as well as customer service and billing serv
4181	ACTV	Cincinnati Gas & Electric Company	EU	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
4182	ACTV	Sel-Leb Marketing, Inc.	PH	The principal activities of the company are distribution & marketing of consumer merchandise to retail sellers such as mass merchandisers, discount ch
4183	ACTV	Respironics, Inc.	ME	The company develops, manufactures and markets medical devices used for the patients suffering from respiratory disorders. the products of the company
4184	ACTV	Stewart Enterprises, Inc.	PS	The principal activities of the group are the provision of funeral and cemetery products and services in the death care industry in the united states.
4185	ACTV	Stratasys, Inc.	CP	The company develops, manufactures, and markets rapid prototyping devices for engineers and designers to create physical models, tooling and prototype
4186	ACTV	Standard Microsystems Corporation	SM	The principal activity of the company is the design, development and marketing of semiconductor integrated circuits for the personal computer peripher
4187	ACTV	Steel Technologies, Inc.	IS	The principal activity of the group is the processing of flat rolled steel to specified close tolerances in response to orders from industrial custome
4188	ACTV	Rhone-Poulenc Overseas Limited	BD	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of health care related products       
4189	ACTV	Slade's Ferry Bancorp	RB	The group is engaged actively in a broad range of banking activities including demand, savings, time deposits, related personal and commercialchecking
4190	ACTV	Student Advantage, Inc.	PS	The company is a media and commerce connection for college students and universities. the company reaches students online through its network of web s
4191	ACTV	Chiquita Brands International, Inc.	FP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
4192	ACTV	Union Pacific Corporation	RR	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique transportation related items     
4193	ACTV	Superior Industries International, Inc.	AP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique cyclical consumer items   
4194	ACTV	SLM Corporation	CF	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
4195	ACTV	SNB Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The company is a multi bank holding company operating through two wholly owned subsidiaries: security bank of bibb county (sb-bibb) and security bank 
4196	ACTV	Bone Care International, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company are discovering, developing and commercializing improved vitamin d-hormone therapies to treat secondary hyperp
4197	ACTV	Sobieski Bancorp, Inc.	SB	Sobieski bancorp, inc. is a unitary savings and loan holding company providing financial products and services to individuals and businesses located i
4198	ACTV	Suburban Propane Partners, L.P.	RL	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
4199	ACTV	Successories, Inc.	BS	The company designs, manufactures and markets a diverse range of motivational and self-improvement products, many of which are the company's own propr
4200	ACTV	Sun Communities Inc.	RE	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
4201	ACTV	Chicago Pizza & Brewery, Inc.	RS	The principal activity of the company is owning and operating 28 restaurants located in southern california, oregon and colorado and interest in one r
4202	ACTV	Tandy Brands Accessories, Inc.	AA	The company designs, manufactures and markets leather goods and accessories for men, women and children. the products of the company include belts, pe
4203	ACTV	Stepan Company	CM	Owns and operates a bunch of different things        
4204	ACTV	Sound Federal Bancorp	SB	The principle activities of the company are to provide banking services. the company accepts deposits from customers and invests these deposits in one
4205	ACTV	Stratos Lightwave, Inc.	SM	The company''s principal activities are to develop, manufacture and sell optical subsystems and components. the products are used in data rate network
4206	ACTV	Standard Motor Products, Inc.	AP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of cyclical consumer goods     
4207	ACTV	SoundView Technology Group, Inc.	IV	The principle activities of the group are the provision of investment banking services divided into three principal categories: public underwriting, m
4208	ACTV	Sun International Hotels Limited	HM	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
4209	ACTV	STS Technologies, Inc.	SM	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
4210	ACTV	Sun Microsystems, Inc.	CH	The company provides products, services and support solutions for building and maintaining network computing environments. the company sells scalable 
4211	ACTV	Cerus Corporation	BD	The principal activity of the company is the development of systems designed to improve the safety of transfusion of blood products through inactivati
4212	ACTV	Source Capital, Inc.	MS	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
4213	ACTV	SUNDAY Communications Limited	CU	Developes and provides wireless communications and internet services in hong kong.       
4214	ACTV	Superior Consultant Holdings Corporation	BS	The principal activities of the group are the operation of two segments: healthcare consulting which provides information technology, strategic, and o
4215	ACTV	Sungard Data Systems, Inc.	CS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
4216	ACTV	BioLase Technology, Inc.	ME	The company designs, develops, manufactures and markets laser based systems used in dental and medical applications. hydrokinetic (tm), a proprietary 
4217	ACTV	Standard Pacific Corporation	CV	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of really big items    
4218	ACTV	Strategic Diagnostics, Inc.	CM	The company develops, conducts research, manufactures and markets immunoassay-based test kits for inexpensive detection of a variety of substances in 
4219	ACTV	South Financial Group, Inc. (The)	RB	The principal activities of the group are the provision of commercial and consumer banking services. these service includes small and medium-term loan
4220	ACTV	Superior	PP	The principal activity of the group is the provision of a wide variety of document and information outsourcing solutions to document and information i
4221	ACTV	Certicom Corporation	CP	The principal activities of the company are to manufacture, develop and distribute digital information technology products. the company's services inc
4222	ACTV	South Street Financial Corporation	SB	The principal business of the company is to provide financial services by accepting deposits and providing loans in albemarle and stanly county. the c
4223	ACTV	Supermercados Unimarc S.A.	GR	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
4224	ACTV	Super-Sol Limited	WM	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
4225	ACTV	Superconductor Technologies, Inc.	EI	The principal activites of the company are: manufacturing and marketing of high performance products to service providers, system integrators and orig
4226	ACTV	State Auto Financial Corporation	IP	The company is an insurance holding company that provides property and casualty insurance business through its subsidiaries. the company also provides
4227	ACTV	Standex International Corporation	MG	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique capital goods    
4228	ACTV	Summa Industries	FR	The principal activities of the group are the designing and manufacturing of injection-molded and formed plastic optical components for original equip
4229	ACTV	Supervalu, Inc.	GR	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
4230	ACTV	Supertex, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing integrated circuits utilizing state-of-the-art high volta
4231	ACTV	Ceragon Networks Limited	CE	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
4232	ACTV	US Airways Group, Inc.	AR	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to transportation      
4233	ACTV	SureWest Communications	CU	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide communications services, mainly local and toll telephone service and network access services in the sa
4234	ACTV	Swisscom AG	CU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
4235	ACTV	SupportSoft, Inc.	SP	Provides ebusiness infrastructure software that automates, personalizes and enhances user support over the internet. the company's software is designe
4236	ACTV	Sunrise Telecom, Inc.	ST	The company manufactures and markets service verification equipments. the equipments enable service providers to verify newly installed services and d
4237	ACTV	Southern Community Financial Corporation	CF	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
4238	ACTV	Sylvan Learning Systems, Inc.	SC	The group provides educational services to families and schools in four separate business segments. sylvan learning center delivers individualized tut
4239	ACTV	Switchboard, Inc.	CS	The principal activities of the group are: provides internet- based merchant network which connects consumers, merchants and advertisers across the un
4240	ACTV	Sybase, Inc.	SP	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
4241	ACTV	Boise Cascade Corporation	PA	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
4242	ACTV	Stewart & Stevenson Services, Inc.	MG	The company has been primarily engaged in the custom fabrication of engine driven products. the company operates in 4 major business segments: the pow
4243	ACTV	Southern Financial Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
4244	ACTV	Synagro Technologies, Inc.	WM	The company is engaged in the business of biosolids management, through beneficial reuse programs. the company provides transportation, processing, si
4245	ACTV	Synavant, Inc.	BS	Provides comprehensive pharmaceutical relationship management (prm) solutions, interactive marketing services and e-business application software to t
4246	ACTV	Stolt Offshore S.A.	CV	The group's principal activities are those of offshore contractors, providing services to subsea oil and gas operations from exploration to decommissi
4247	ACTV	Seneca Foods Corporation	FP	The company processes vegetables and fruits. the company operates in two segments: food and non-food segment. the food segment includes canned vegetab
4248	ACTV	SouthTrust Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group are divided into four business segments: commercial banking: provides cash management, international and commerc
4249	ACTV	SYNERGX Systems, Inc.	SS	The company designs, manufactures, markets and services a variety of data communications product and systems. these products are applied in the fire a
4250	ACTV	Sykes Enterprises, Inc.	CS	The company provides customer management solutions and services to different companies within the technology, communications and financial services ma
4251	ACTV	Centillium Communications, Inc.	CE	The company provides system-level products that enable broadband communications to the home and business enterprises. the company serves the digital s
4252	ACTV	Southwest Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
4253	ACTV	Systemax, Inc.	CT	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
4254	ACTV	Symantec Corporation	SP	The principal activity of the group is provision of content and network security solutions to individuals and enterprises which include virus protecti
4255	ACTV	Symmetricom, Inc.	CE	The company designs, manufactures and markets solutions for the global telecommunications industry. the products and services include network synchron
4256	ACTV	Big Lots, Inc.	RL	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
4257	ACTV	Southwest Bancorporation of Texas, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group are the provision of commercial and private banking services to small and middle market businesses and individua
4258	ACTV	Synopsys, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the group is the supply of electronic design automation (eda) software to the global electronics industry. products of the c
4259	ACTV	Synplicity, Inc.	SP	The company provides software products that enable rapid and effective design and verification of semiconductors for internet infrastructure and other
4260	ACTV	Syntel, Inc.	CS	The principal activity of the group are: provides applications outsourcing, information technology (it) consulting and e-business services. the group 
4261	ACTV	Centex Construction Products Inc.	RM	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of capital       
4262	ACTV	Tarrant Apparel Group	AA	The principal activities of the company is to design, manufacture and sell casual apparel. the company serves specialty retail, mass merchandise and d
4263	ACTV	Ribozyme Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company are the research and development of ribozymes. ribozymes are used as human therapeutics; Identification of gen
4264	ACTV	St. Paul Companies	IP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
4265	ACTV	Syntellect, Inc.	CE	The company develops, markets and implements voice, internet and call processing software and services to large and mid-sized commercial, industrial a
4266	ACTV	Sturm Ruger & Company, Inc.	RP	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
4267	ACTV	USA Truck, Inc.	TR	The company provides transportation services of general commodity freight in interstate and foreign commerce. the company operates 1,713 conventional 
4268	ACTV	Sun Hydraulics Corporation	MF	The principal activities of the company are to design, manufacture and sell screw-in cartridge valves and manifolds to control force, speed and motion
4269	ACTV	Stancorp Financial Group, Inc.	IL	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
4270	ACTV	Talbots, Inc.	RT	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
4271	ACTV	Cendant Corporation	HM	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
4272	ACTV	Sensient Technologies Corporation	FP	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
4273	ACTV	Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	Developes new and faster way to find novel drug targets and to validate the role of targets in disease without first knowing the identity or sequence 
4274	ACTV	Standard Management Corporation	IL	The company is a financial services holding company that directly and through its subsidiaries develops, markets and administers domestic asset accumu
4275	ACTV	Sypris Solutions, Inc.	EI	The company provides diversified technology-based outsourced services and specialty products. the company performs a range of manufacturing, engineeri
4276	ACTV	Synergy Brands, Inc.	GR	The company develops and operates internet platform operations and internet-based businesses designed to sell products, including health and beauty ai
4277	ACTV	Rockwell Medical Technologies, Inc.	ME	The company manufactures hemodialysis concentrates and dialysis kits, other ancillary hemodialysis products, and delivers such concentrates to hemodia
4278	ACTV	State Financial Services Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group include commercial and retail banking products, long-term fixed-rate secondary market mortgage origination and b
4279	ACTV	State Street Corporation	RB	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
4280	ACTV	Systems & Computer Technology Corporation	SP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
4281	ACTV	CellPoint, Inc.	CE	The company and its subsidiaries promote, develop, offer, sell, support and distribute digital cellular or gsm (global system fro mobile communication
4282	ACTV	Super Vision International, Inc.	MF	Designs, manufactures and markets side-glow fiber optic lighting cable and point-to-point fiber optic signs and displays for applications in signage, 
4283	ACTV	Staten Island Bancorp, Inc.	SB	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
4284	ACTV	T/R Systems, Inc.	CP	The company designs, develops and markets digital document processing and printing systems. the primary product of the company is the micropress clust
4285	ACTV	Taitron Components, Inc.	SM	The company distributes transistors, diodes, other discrete semiconductors and optoelectronic devices. these products are distributed to contract elec
4286	ACTV	Summit Bank Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the company are providing a full range of banking services to individual and corporate customers. the bank serves individu
4287	ACTV	E.ON AG	CO	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different things         
4288	ACTV	SangStat Medical Corporation	BD	The principle activities of the group is to develop and market high value therapeutic products in the transplantation, immunology and hematology/ onco
4289	ACTV	Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited	SM	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
4290	ACTV	Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc.	SP	The company designs, develops and publishes interactive software games. the games are used on multimedia computer and video game console platforms. co
4291	ACTV	CEC Entertainment, Inc.	RS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
4292	ACTV	Tennessee Valley Authority	EU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the energy field      
4293	ACTV	Silverstar Holdings Limited	FP	Holding company with subsidiaries which manufacture and distribute high-quality specialty foods, including quality baked and unbaked meat, vegetarian 
4294	ACTV	Scherer Healthcare, Inc.	HF	The company operates in two main segments through the subsidiaries. bio systems partners provides waste management services and assists hospitals, cli
4295	ACTV	Tangram Enterprise Solutions, Inc.	SP	The company develops and markets lifecycle asset management software for large and midsize organizations across all industries, in both domestic and i
4296	ACTV	Best Buy Coompany	TH	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
4297	ACTV	Superior Telecom, Inc.	MF	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
4298	ACTV	Schering Plough Corporation	MD	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to health care       
4299	ACTV	Tanning Technology Corporation	CS	The principal activity of the group is the provision of information technology services, which specialize, in large, complex, integrated solutions tha
4300	ACTV	TDK Corporation	EI	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
4301	ACTV	CDW Holding Corporation	RE	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
4302	ACTV	Sterling Bancorp	RB	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
4303	ACTV	Tech Data Corporation	CH	The principal activity of the group is distribution of microcomputer hardware and software products to value-added resellers, corporate resellers, ret
4304	ACTV	Technisource, Inc.	CS	The company provides services to design, develop and implement information technology solutions. the main activities of the company are database devel
4305	ACTV	Technitrol, Inc.	EI	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
4306	ACTV	Suntron Corporation	EI	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
4307	ACTV	USFreightways Corporation	TR	The co provides transp services and innovative logistics solutions. the co operates through five segments. the regional less-than-truckload (ltl) grou
4308	ACTV	Symyx Technologies, Inc.	CM	The principal activities of the group are to conduct research, develop, manufacture and market products through the application of combinatorial techn
4309	ACTV	SciClone Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are the acquisition, development and commercialization of specialist-oriented proprietary drugs for treating chr
4310	ACTV	Sterling Financial Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the company is to provide a wide range of commercial banking and trust services. sterling financial corporation operates 4
4311	ACTV	C-COR.net Corporation	CE	The principal activities of the group are the design, manufacture and marketing network transmission products and provision of services and support to
4312	ACTV	Smithfield Foods, Inc.	FP	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
4313	ACTV	Senetek plc	BD	Holding company with subsidiaries which researches diagnosis and treatment options relating to male sexual dysfunction and senescence; Develops, manuf
4314	ACTV	Stifel Financial Corporation	IV	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
4315	ACTV	Technology Research Corporation	EI	The company designs, develops, manufactures and markets electronic control and measurement devices related to the distribution of electric power. the 
4316	ACTV	Benetton Group	AA	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of cyclical consumer goods     
4317	ACTV	Sentigen Holding Corporation	BD	The company through its wholly owned subsidiaries provides contract research and development services. the research products organization provides cel
4318	ACTV	Stirling Cooke Brown Holdings Limited	MS	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
4319	ACTV	Student Loan Corporation	CF	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
4320	ACTV	Technology Solutions Company	CN	The principal activity of the company is offering information technology solutions to large corporations and mid-size firms. the company operates in t
4321	ACTV	Castle Energy Corporation	OO	The company is an oil and gas exploration and production company. the operations are conducted primarily in the united states and to some extent, in r
4322	ACTV	Utilities of Texas, Inc.	EU	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
4323	ACTV	Synthetech, Inc.	CM	The company produces chemically modified, naturally occurring and synthetic amino acids referred to as peptide building blocks (ppbs). these are purch
4324	ACTV	Sturgis Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
4325	ACTV	Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc.	RE	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
4326	ACTV	Swiss Army Brands, Inc.	AT	The principal activity of the group is to import, manufacture and distribute consumer products including watches, pocketknives, cutlery, multi-tools a
4327	ACTV	Sepracor, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the group is to develop potentially safer, purer and more effective drugs that are improved versions of widely prescribed ph
4328	ACTV	Summit Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group is to provide general, commercial and mortgage banking services. the company's wholly owned subsidiaries are sum
4329	ACTV	Tarragon Realty Investors, Inc.	RE	The principal activities of the company include developing, acquiring and managing real estate properties. the company has real estate investment in c
4330	ACTV	Tecnomatix Technologies Limited	SP	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
4331	ACTV	Carrington Laboratories, Inc.	BD	The company is a research-based biopharmaceutical and medical device company. the company develops, manufactures and markets naturally derived complex
4332	ACTV	Standard Commercial Corporation	TO	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things     
4333	ACTV	Middleby Corporation (The)	MG	The principal activities of the company is to design, manufacture and market a broad line of cooking and warming equipment used in all types of foodse
4334	ACTV	Summit Financial Corporation	RB	The company is a bank holding company operating through its subsidiaries: summit national bank, freedom finance, inc and summit investment services, i
4335	ACTV	Taubman Centers, Inc.	RE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
4336	ACTV	TCSI Corporation	SP	The principal activity of the group is providing integrated software products and services for the global telecommunications industry. the company's s
4337	ACTV	Terra Industries, Inc.	CM	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
4338	ACTV	Suntrust Banks, Inc.	RB	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
4339	ACTV	TEAM America, Inc.	BS	The company operates as a professional employer organization in the united states. the company and its subsidiaries provide comprehensive and integrat
4340	ACTV	TeamStaff, Inc.	BS	The company provides a broad range of human resource services. the company's servcies is classified under three types, the first is professional emplo
4341	ACTV	Carrier Access Corporation	CE	The principal activity of the group is the provision of broadband digital access equipment solutions to communications service providers.  
4342	ACTV	Susquehanna Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the company are providing retail & commercial banking & finanl services. retail banking services includes checking & savin
4343	ACTV	TechSys, Inc.	PS	The principal activities of the company are providing dry cleaning and other consulting services. the company provides dry cleaning services primarily
4344	ACTV	Tejon Ranch Company	RE	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
4345	ACTV	Tegal Corporation	SM	The principle activity of the company is to manufacture, market and service plasma etch systems used in the fabrication of integrated circuits and rel
4346	ACTV	Symphonix Devices, Inc.	ME	The company develops and manufactures a family of proprietary semi-implantable and implantable soundbridges for the hearing impaired. the company beca
4347	ACTV	Velocity Express Corporation	TR	The company develops and manufactures automated self-service intelligent shipping kiosks and job kiosks for a third party in the employment informatio
4348	ACTV	Milacron, Inc.	MG	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied capital things    
4349	ACTV	Terra Nitrogen Company, L.P.	CM	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
4350	ACTV	SVB Financial Services, Inc.	RB	The company provides a wide range of commercial and consumer banking services. the bank is a holding company and operates through somerset valley bank
4351	ACTV	Carreker Corporation	CS	The principle activity of the company is to provide integrated consulting and software solutions that enable banks to identify and implement e-finance
4352	ACTV	TXU U.S. Holding Company	EU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related products   
4353	ACTV	SWS Group, Inc.	IV	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
4354	ACTV	Tele Centro Oeste Celular Participacoes S.A.	CU	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
4355	ACTV	Tele Leste Celular Participacoes S.A.	CU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
4356	ACTV	Barbeques Galore Limited	RL	Operates retail chain of barbecue and accessory stores offering home heating products, equipment, outdoor furniture, barbecues and related accessories
4357	ACTV	Star Scientific, Inc.	TO	The principal activities of the group are the development of proprietary scientific technology for the curing of tobacco so as to prevent, retard or s
4358	ACTV	Synovus Financial Corporation	RB	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
4359	ACTV	Teknowledge Corporation	SP	The company is in the business of internet knowledge system. the company's projects primarily involve processing application knowledge and distributin
4360	ACTV	Tektronix, Inc.	EI	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
4361	ACTV	Carnival Corporation	RA	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
4362	ACTV	Minuteman International, Inc.	MG	The company develops manufactures and markets commercial and industrial floor maintenance equipment and related products. the company's product lines 
4363	ACTV	Titanium Metals Corporation	MM	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
4364	ACTV	T. Rowe Price Group, Inc.	IV	The principal activities of the group are the provision of investment advisory and administrative services to individual and institutional investors. 
4365	ACTV	TCF Financial Corporation	RB	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
4366	ACTV	TALX Corporation	CS	The company provides automated employment and income verification services and outsourced employee self-service applications. these services are provi
4367	ACTV	Sequenom, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the group is the research and development of high definition deoxyribonucleic acid (dna) analysis tools for industrial biome
4368	ACTV	Team Financial, Inc.	RB	A multi-bank holding company which offers community banking and financial services through 20 locations in the kansas city metropolitan area, southeas
4369	ACTV	Telaxis Communications Corporation	CE	The principal activities of the group are development and supply of broadband wireless access products used by network service providers to deliver in
4370	ACTV	Teleflex, Inc.	EI	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
4371	ACTV	Carlton Communications plc	BC	Holding company with subsidiaries which produce pre-recorded videocassettes, feature films and cd-roms; Perform feature film processing and release pr
4372	ACTV	SeraCare Life Sciences, Inc.	BD	The company manufactures plasma-based diagnostic products and distributes therapeutic products. the company operates through two divisions, the therap
4373	ACTV	Texas Regional Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The group is a bank holding company offering financial services through its subsidiaries. through its subsidiary texas state bank, the company serves 
4374	ACTV	TeleTech Holdings, Inc.	CS	The principal activity of the group is the provision of customer relationship management services and solutions for large domestic, foreign and multin
4375	ACTV	Tellabs, Inc.	CE	The company designs, manufactures, markets and services optical networking, next-generation switching and broadband access solutions. the company also
4376	ACTV	Tekelec	CE	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing, marketing and supporting of innovative network systems products which help direct 
4377	ACTV	UGI Corporation	NG	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of energy related stuff      
4378	ACTV	Swedish Match AB Frueher Svenska Taendsticks AB	TO	Produces and sells broad range of tobacco products, matches and disposable lighters.      
4379	ACTV	Tesco Corporation	OW	Designs, manufacture and service of technology-based solutions for the upstream energy industry, providing a range of products and services to reduce 
4380	ACTV	Modtech Holdings, Inc.	CV	The company designs, manufactures, markets and installs modular relocatable classrooms and other modular building for commercial use primarily to cali
4381	ACTV	Cardinal Health, Inc.	BD	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different health care things        
4382	ACTV	Virgin Express Holdings plc	AR	Operates scheduled flights from its main hub at brussels airport to eight destinations in the european union: barcelona, copenhagen, london, madrid, m
4383	ACTV	TOR Minerals International, Inc.	CM	The company manufactures and sells mineral products for use as pigments extenders. the company products used in manufacture of paints, industrial coat
4384	ACTV	TF Financial Corporation	IV	The principal activities of the company is to attract deposits from the general public primarily to invest in mortgage-backed and investment securitie
4385	ACTV	TFC Enterprises, Inc.	IV	The company is a consumer finance company which operates through three wholly owned subsidiaries: the finance company (tfc), first community finance, 
4386	ACTV	TETRA Technologies, Inc.	BS	The company provides engineering, specialized management consulting and technical services. resource management segment provides specialized environme
4387	ACTV	Strategic Distribution, Inc.	MG	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide maintenance, repair and operating supplies, replacement parts and selected classes of production mater
4388	ACTV	Tramford International Limited	MF	Holding company with subsidiaries which manufacture and sell mid-range interior ceramic wall tiles; And manufacture and sell standard enameled steel, 
4389	ACTV	Thistle Group Holdings Company	SB	The principal activities of the group is providing a full range of banking services through its branch offices in pennsylvania. the company ccepts cus
4390	ACTV	Telular Corporation	CE	The principal activities of the group is designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing products related to the fixed wireless telecommunications 
4391	ACTV	Cardima, Inc.	ME	Cardima, inc. designs, develops, manufactures and markets minimally invasive, single-use, microcatheter-based systems for the mapping and ablation of 
4392	ACTV	Thornburg Mortgage, Inc.	MS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
4393	ACTV	Tele Nordeste Celular Participacoes S.A.	CU	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
4394	ACTV	Tibco Software, Inc.	SP	The company provides e-business infrastructure software products that enable business-to-business, business-to-consumer and business-to-employee solut
4395	ACTV	Tidel Technologies, Inc.	EI	The company develops, manufactures, sells and supports automated teller machines and related software, electronic cash security systems and undergroun
4396	ACTV	Banco Comercial Portugues	RB	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
4397	ACTV	Sylvan, Inc.	CR	The company operates in two business segments namely spawn operation and fresh mushroom operations. spawn is produced by a process whereby carefully m
4398	ACTV	Tesoro Petroleum Corporation	OO	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different energy    
4399	ACTV	Tele Norte Leste Participacoes S.A.	CU	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
4400	ACTV	Tele Sudeste Celular Participacoes S.A.	CU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
4401	ACTV	Cannondale Corporation	RP	Cannondale corporation is a leading manufacturer of high performance bicycles. the company manufactures and distributes bicycles and bicycling accesso
4402	ACTV	Stratus Properties, Inc.	CV	The principal activity of the company includes acquisition, development, management and sale of commercial and residential real estate properties in d
4403	ACTV	Transtechnology Corporation	MF	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
4404	ACTV	Tele2 AB	CU	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide international and national long-distance and regional public telecommunication services, internet serv
4405	ACTV	Tier Technologies, Inc.	CN	Provides information technology consulting, application development and software engineering services which facilitate the migration of clients' enter
4406	ACTV	Textron, Inc.	CO	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique items        
4407	ACTV	UIL Holding Corporation	EU	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy production a        
4408	ACTV	Serologicals Corporation	BD	The principal activities of the group are the provision of specialty human antibodies and related products and services to major health companies whic
4409	ACTV	Telecom Argentina	CU	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
4410	ACTV	Telecom New Zealand	CU	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
4411	ACTV	Candie's, Inc.	FO	The principal activities of the company is to design, market and distribute a variety of moderately priced women's casual and fashion footwear under c
4412	ACTV	Tredegar Corporation	FR	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
4413	ACTV	SICOR, Inc.	BD	The company develops, manufactures and markets pharmaceutical products to the oncology and specialty pharmaceutical markets. the company's product off
4414	ACTV	Three Rivers Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group include a full range of consumer, mortgage and commercial financial products through 24 banking offices in three
4415	ACTV	TeleCommunication Systems, Inc.	CU	Provides wireless network application software and services and communications engineering services, enabling it to develop technology that ensures th
4416	ACTV	BAM! Entertainment, Inc.	SP	Develops and publishes interactive entertainment software based on the motion picture, sports and television cartoon properties. new registrant.   
4417	ACTV	Tidewater, Inc.	OW	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related items     
4418	ACTV	Synalloy Corporation	CX	The principal activities of the company is the manufacture of chemicals. the company operates through two segments, metals and chemicals. the company 
4419	ACTV	TIB Financial Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the company is providing commercial banking services through its wholly owned subsidiary, tib bank of the keys. the princi
4420	ACTV	Telecomunicacoes de Sao Paulo S/A-Telesp	CU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
4421	ACTV	Candela Corporation	ME	The company develops, manufactures, markets, and service lasers used to perform aesthetic and cosmetic procedures. the company primarily sells the las
4422	ACTV	Werner Enterprises, Inc.	TR	The company is a truckload transportation company operating under the jurisdiction of the department of transportation and various state regulatory co
4423	ACTV	Sysco Corporation	FP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things     
4424	ACTV	Timberland Bancorp, Inc.	SB	Timberland bancorp, inc. is a federally chartered mutual savings and loan holding company which operates through its subsidiary timberland savings ban
4425	ACTV	Teledyne Technologies, Inc.	BS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
4426	ACTV	Titan International, Inc.	AP	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied cyclical consumer things       
4427	ACTV	Tremont Corporation	MF	Owns and operates a bunch of different things        
4428	ACTV	Toronto-Dominion Bank	RB	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
4429	ACTV	Telefonica del Peru S.A.	CU	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
4430	ACTV	Telefonos de Mexico SA de CV Ser A Spons ADR	CU	Provides public telecommunication services such as local and long-distance services, directory services, cellular mobile telephone services, paging se
4431	ACTV	Canadian National Railway Company	RR	Owns and operates a ton of things all related to transportation        
4432	ACTV	TB Wood's Corporation	MG	The principal activities of the group are design, manufacture, and distribution of electronic and mechanical industrial power transmission products an
4433	ACTV	Somanetics Corporation	ME	The company develops, manufactures and markets the invos cerebral oximeter, a non-invasive patient monitoring system that continuously measures change
4434	ACTV	Transatlantic Holdings, Inc.	IA	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
4435	ACTV	Telemig Celular Participacoes S.A.	CU	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
4436	ACTV	Tellium, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the group is designing, developing and marketing high-speed, high-capacity, intelligent optical switching solutions that e
4437	ACTV	UniSource Energy Corporation	EU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the energy field      
4438	ACTV	TMBR/Sharp Drilling, Inc.	OW	The principal activities of the company are to provide domestic onshore drilling services of oil and gas to major and independent oil and gas companie
4439	ACTV	Triad Guaranty, Inc.	IP	The principal activities of the group are provision of private mortgage insurance also known as mortgage guaranty insurance to residentail mortgage le
4440	ACTV	Telenor ASA	CU	Provides mobile telecommunications service; Provides fix telecommunications services for residential and business; Povides broadband television-based 
4441	ACTV	California Pizza Kitchen, Inc.	RS	The group''s principal activity is operating a casual dining restaurant chain in premium pizza segment. the company offers premium pizzas like bbq chi
4442	ACTV	Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc.	FP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique non-cyclical consumer items      
4443	ACTV	U.S. Plastic Lumber Corporation	FR	The principal activity of the company is manufacturing and marketing of recycled plastic lumber products and a provider of environmental recycling ser
4444	ACTV	Sonic Innovations, Inc.	ME	The group designs, manufactures and markets advanced digital hearing aids and hearing aid components designed for hearing impaired consumers. the comp
4445	ACTV	TriCo Bancshares	RB	The principal activity of the group is general commercial banking which includes accepting demand, savings and time deposits, making commercial and re
4446	ACTV	MDSI Mobile Data Solutions, Inc.	SP	Develops, markets, implements and supports mobile workforce management and wireless connectivity software and mobile computing equipment for use by a 
4447	ACTV	Tecumseh Products Company	MG	Manufactures hermetic compressors for air conditioning and refrigeration products, gasoline engines and power train components for lawn and garden app
4448	ACTV	SONUS Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company is to conduct research and development of therapeutic durg delivery and oxygen delivery products .it has devel
4449	ACTV	Tri-Continental Corporation	MS	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
4450	ACTV	Trover Solutions, Inc.	IM	The company is the leading independent provider of health insurance subrogation recovery and other medical cost containment services for private healt
4451	ACTV	British Energy	EU	Owns and operates a bunch of different energy related things     
4452	ACTV	U.S. Home & Garden, Inc.	CM	The principal activities of the group are manufacturing and marketing of consumer lawn and garden products which includes weed preventive landscape fa
4453	ACTV	Troy Financial Corporation	SB	The company provides various banking, financing, fiduciary and other services through its subsidiary troy savings bank. the company operates through 1
4454	ACTV	Telesoft Corporation	BS	The principal activities of the company are telecommunication billing and customer care solutions. the company offers these integrated hardware & prop
4455	ACTV	Telesp Celular Participacoes S.A.	CU	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
4456	ACTV	Axeda Systems, Inc.	SP	Develops, markets and sells software products and technologies used by multiple industries and customers worldwide for device relationship management 
4457	ACTV	Torch Offshore, Inc.	OW	The company provides integrated pipeline installation, subsea construction and support services to the offshore oil and natural gas industry on the co
4458	ACTV	SRI/Surgical Express, Inc.	ME	The company provides hospitals and surgery centers with a comprehensive surgical procedure-based daily delivery service. the company's reusable surgic
4459	ACTV	Trust Company of New Jersey (The)	RB	The principal activities of the group are accepting deposits, investing in investments, providing loans and providing various other banking services. 
4460	ACTV	Telewest Communications plc	CU	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide cable television and long distance telephone services in the united kingdom; And provide internet acce
4461	ACTV	Brightpoint, Inc.	CE	The principal activity of the group is the provision of outsourced services in the global wireless telecommunications and data industry. the group's i
4462	ACTV	Topps Company, Inc. (The)	FP	The group markets confectionery products, collectible sports and entertainment products. the confectionery segment consists of a variety of lollipop p
4463	ACTV	Thomas Industries, Inc.	MG	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of capita        
4464	ACTV	St. Jude Medical, Inc.	ME	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied health care things     
4465	ACTV	TrustCo Bank Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group is to provide general commercial banking business, serving individuals, partnerships, corporations, municipaliti
4466	ACTV	Metawave Communications Corporation	CE	The company provides smart antenna systems and embedded solutions. these products are useful to wireless network operators facing capacity constraints
4467	ACTV	U.S. Timberlands Company, L.P.	FW	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
4468	ACTV	STAAR Surgical Company	ME	The principal activities of the group are the development, manufacture and global distribution of products used by ophthalmologists and other eye care
4469	ACTV	Trustmark Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group are retail and commercial banking, indirect and real estate lending, investment services and trust services.the 
4470	ACTV	Telex-Chile S.A.	CU	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
4471	ACTV	Boykin Lodging Company	RE	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
4472	ACTV	U.S. Global Investors, Inc.	IV	Provides investment advice and management services, transfer agency and record keeping services, mailing services, and custodial and administrative se
4473	ACTV	Telstra Corporation Limited	CU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
4474	ACTV	Ticketmaster	PS	Produces and delivers comprehensive local city guides on the world wide web providing up-to-date information regarding arts and entertainment events, 
4475	ACTV	Tickets.com, Inc.	PS	The company provides entertainment tickets, event information and related products and services. the company provides these services through retail ou
4476	ACTV	Texas Instruments, Inc.	SM	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
4477	ACTV	Toreador Resources Corporation	OO	The company is engaged in oil and gas exploration, development, production and acquisition activities. most of the company's business is conducted thr
4478	ACTV	Toll Brothers, Inc.	CV	Owns and operates a bunch of different capital things        
4479	ACTV	Star Multi Care Services, Inc.	HF	Provides registered and licensed nurses and home health aides to patients for care at home and to a lesser extent temporary health care personnel recr
4480	ACTV	UCBH Holdings, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group are commercial and consumer banking services to small and medium-sized businesses, business executives, professi
4481	ACTV	Boyd Gaming Corporation	CG	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
4482	ACTV	Tupperware Corporation	PH	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of non-cyclical consumer goods       
4483	ACTV	UFP Technologies, Inc.	CK	The company designs and manufactures a broad range of high-performance cushion packaging and specialty foam products. the company's cushion packaging 
4484	ACTV	StemCells, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group is engaged in the development of cell based-therapeutics designed to deliver therapeutic substances to the centr
4485	ACTV	UICI	IL	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
4486	ACTV	TransAmerica Financial Corporation	IV	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
4487	ACTV	Steris Corporation	ME	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied health care things      
4488	ACTV	Tiffany & Company	RL	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
4489	ACTV	Time Warner Telecom, Inc.	CU	The company provides telecommunication services in selected metropolitan areas in the united states.the services include dedicated transmission, local
4490	ACTV	TMP Worldwide, Inc.	AE	Provides comprehensive, individually tailored advertising services including development of creative content, media planning, production and placement
4491	ACTV	Boyd Bros. Transportation Inc.	TR	The company is a truckload carrier that operates exclusively in the flatbed segment of the industry and hauls steel products and building materials. t
4492	ACTV	Triumph Group, Inc.	AD	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied capital things       
4493	ACTV	United States Lime & Minerals, Inc.	NM	The principal activity of the group is extracting high-quality limestone from its quarries and processing it for sale as pulverized limestone, quickli
4494	ACTV	T-Netix, Inc.	CU	The company provides advanced call processing & other services to the telecommunications and other service industries. the company operates in three s
4495	ACTV	TII Network Technologies, Inc.	EI	Designs, manufactures and markets overvoltage and lightning surge protection products and systems, network interface devices and station electronic pr
4496	ACTV	Aviall, Inc.	AD	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of really big things        
4497	ACTV	TransCanada Pipelines Limited	OO	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of energy related goods      
4498	ACTV	Stryker Corporation	ME	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different health care related things     
4499	ACTV	Umpqua Holdings Corporation	RB	The company is an oregon state-chartered bank which offers commercial, retail banking and brokerage services. the customers of the company include cor
4500	ACTV	Total Entertainment Restaurant Corporation	RS	The principal activities of the group is owning and operating a chain of 38 entertainment restaurant locations under the fox and hound english pub & g
4501	ACTV	Allegheny Technologies, Inc.	IS	Owns and operates a ton of things all related to some type of basic      
4502	ACTV	Air Canada	AR	Provides scheduled and chartered air transportation.         
4503	ACTV	Unico American Corporation	IP	The principal activities of the company are underwriting property, casualty, health and life insurance and related premium financing. the company unde
4504	ACTV	Tractor Supply Company	HI	The principal activity of the company is in specialty retail and supply of the daily farming and maintenance needs of its target customers with a comp
4505	ACTV	Trader.com N.V.	BS	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
4506	ACTV	Transcontinental Realty Investors, Inc.	RE	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
4507	ACTV	Tyson Foods, Inc.	FP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
4508	ACTV	Airborne, Inc.	AC	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied transportation things    
4509	ACTV	Union Acceptance Corporation	MS	Purchases, collects and services motor vehicle retail installment sales contracts.       
4510	ACTV	Timberline Software Corporation	SP	Timberline software corporation develops, markets and supports accounting and cost estimating software. these products are used by construction and pr
4511	ACTV	Boca Resorts, Inc.	HM	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
4512	ACTV	Union Bankshares Corporation	RB	The principal activites of the company is to provide full service retail commercial banking and related financial services including checking, savings
4513	ACTV	TippingPoint Technologies, Inc.	CS	The company's principal activity is to develop high speed unified network-defense appliances that deliver highly relaible threat assessment, detection
4514	ACTV	Top Image Systems Limited	SP	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
4515	ACTV	Total System Services, Inc.	CS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
4516	ACTV	AvalonBay Communities, Inc.	RE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
4517	ACTV	United Utilities plc	EU	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
4518	ACTV	Transocean, Inc.	OW	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy     
4519	ACTV	TBC Corporation	TI	The principal activity of the group is marketing and distribution of tires in the automotive replacement market. the company's wholesale business incl
4520	ACTV	Airnet Systems, Inc.	AC	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied transportation things     
4521	ACTV	BMC Software, Inc.	SP	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
4522	ACTV	Alaska Air Group, Inc.	AR	The principal activties of the group are a number of different transportation related thing       
4523	ACTV	Union Bankshares Limited	RB	The company is an independent bank holding company. the company provides a full range of banking services to customers, primarily living in the denver
4524	ACTV	Union Planters Corporation	RB	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
4525	ACTV	Tower Semiconductor Limited	SM	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
4526	ACTV	Trex, Inc.	FR	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
4527	ACTV	Unilever N.V.	FP	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
4528	ACTV	Syncor International Corporation	ME	The company provides high-technology health care service for the radio pharmacy and medical imaging segment of the health care industry. the company's
4529	ACTV	Unionbancal Financial	RB	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
4530	ACTV	TransAct Technologies, Inc.	CP	The company designs, develops, manufactures and markets transaction based printers and other related products. the products are sold under the brand n
4531	ACTV	Biomira, Inc.	BD	Develops innovative therapeutic approaches to cancer management, utilising proprietary and patentable methods in the manufacturing, developing and sel
4532	ACTV	Trico Marine Services, Inc.	OW	The principal activities of the group are the provision of marine support vessels and related services to the oil and gas industry which include trans
4533	ACTV	Tenneco Automotive, Inc.	AP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of cyclical consumer goods     
4534	ACTV	UnionBancorp, Inc.	RB	A multi-bank holding company providing a range of commercial and retail banking services to individuals, partnerships and corporate businesses. the ba
4535	ACTV	United Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The company is a bank holding company provides full banking services through offices in columbus grove, kalida, ottawa and lima. interest and fees on 
4536	ACTV	Timken Company	MF	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
4537	ACTV	United Bankshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activity of the group is provision of a broad range of commercial and consumer banking services including checking and now accounts, pas
4538	ACTV	Trammell Crow Company	RE	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
4539	ACTV	Trans World Entertainment Corporation	RL	The principal activity of the group is the operation of a chain of retail entertainment stores of compact discs, prerecorded audio cassettes, prerecor
4540	ACTV	Transaction Systems Architects, Inc.	SP	Develops, markets and supports software products which assist in electronic funds transfer; And provides specialized technical and maintenance service
4541	ACTV	Big Dog Holding, Inc.	RT	The principal activities of the company are marketing and retailing of apparel and other consumer products. the company sells branded, lifestyle colle
4542	ACTV	United Community Bancorp	RB	The bank is a one bank holding company for catawba valley bank, a state-chartered bank. the bank provides most traditional commercial and consumer ban
4543	ACTV	Transgenomic, Inc.	ST	The company provides innovative research tools to the genomics segment of the life sciences industry. these tools enable researchers to discover and u
4544	ACTV	Transmation, Inc.	EI	The company develops, manufactures, distributes and provides services for electronic monitoring instrumentation products. the products and services in
4545	ACTV	Transmeta Corporation	SM	The company''s principal activities are to develop and distribute software-based microprocessors and additional hardware and software technologies for
4546	ACTV	Tribune Company	PP	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
4547	ACTV	Virginia Electric & Power Company	EU	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
4548	ACTV	Unilever plc	FP	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
4549	ACTV	Tesma International, Inc.	AP	Designs, engineers and manufactures engine, powertrain, fueling and cooling components, assemblies, modules and systems for cars and light trucks.  
4550	ACTV	United Community Banks, Inc.	RB	The principal activity of the group is to provide a full range of community oriented retail and corporate banking services. the services provided incl
4551	ACTV	Biacore International AB	ST	The company develops, manufactures and markets advanced scientific instruments that employ affinity-based biosensor technology to measure interactions
4552	ACTV	U.S. Energy Corporation	OO	The principal activities of the company is exploring, developing and/or selling or leasing mineral properties,and the mining and marketing of minerals
4553	ACTV	Synovis Life Technologies, Inc.	ME	Provides medical devices for the surgical and interventional treatment of disease, such as implantable, biomaterial products along with surgical assis
4554	ACTV	United Community Financial Corporation	SB	The corporation is the unitary holding company of the home savings and loan company of youngstown, ohio. through the bank the corporation issues mortg
4555	ACTV	TranSwitch Corporation	SM	The principal activities of the group are the designing, developing, marketing and supporting highly integrated digital and mixed signal semiconductor
4556	ACTV	Atichison Casting Corporation	IS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
4557	ACTV	Thomson Multimedia	AV	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
4558	ACTV	SYNSORB Biotech, Inc.	BD	Discovers and develops pharmaceutical products for gastroenteric diseases or conditions which could benefit from alternative therapies or for which th
4559	ACTV	United Financial Corporation	CF	The company's principal business is attracting deposits from the general public and use those deposits, together with other available funds to origina
4560	ACTV	Trident Microsystems, Inc.	SM	The company designs, develops and markets integrated circuits for videographics, multimedia and digital process television products for the desktop an
4561	ACTV	BF Enterprises, Inc.	CV	The company develops two tracts of land, meadow pointe and meadow pointe east located in suburban tampa, florida. the company also owns and leases a 2
4562	ACTV	Targeted Genetics Corporation	BD	The principal activity of the group is to develop gene therapy products and technologies for treating acquired and inherited diseases. the products un
4563	ACTV	United Financial Holdings, Inc.	RB	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
4564	ACTV	Trans-Industries, Inc.	AE	Manufactures and supplies lighting and information display for mass transit operations. the company products include electronic information display sy
4565	ACTV	Tricom	CU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
4566	ACTV	Trigon Healthcare, Inc	ME	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different health care things        
4567	ACTV	United Fire & Casualty Company	IP	The principal activity of the group is the underwriting of property, casualty and life insurance. the company writes both personal and commercial line
4568	ACTV	Stamps.com, Inc.	CT	The principal activities of the group are the provision of easy, convenient and cost-effective internet mailing and shipping services to small busines
4569	ACTV	Trikon Technologies, Inc.	EI	The group designs, manufacture, market and service a broad line of production equipment used in manufacture semiconductor devices. the company's produ
4570	ACTV	TriPath Imaging, Inc.	ST	The group develops, manufactures, and markets proprietary products for cancer cell diagnosis and image analysis systems to cytology and histopathology
4571	ACTV	Belo Corporation	PP	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
4572	ACTV	Universal Corporation	TO	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things     
4573	ACTV	Ultrapar Participacoes S.A.	OO	The company performs a bunch of different energy related stuff        
4574	ACTV	Timberland Company	FO	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
4575	ACTV	United National Bancorp	RB	The principal activity of the group is the provision of commercial and retail banking services. the services include: checking accounts, money market 
4576	ACTV	UMB Financial Corporation	RB	The principal activity of the group is the provision of banking and other services through subsidiaries. the company owns 5 commercial banks, a credit
4577	ACTV	WGL Holdings, Inc.	NG	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of energy related th    
4578	ACTV	Starbucks Corporation	RS	The company purchases and roasts high-quality whole bean coffees. the company sells along with fresh, rich-brewed coffees, italian-style espresso beve
4579	ACTV	TriPath Technology, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are designing and selling integrated circuit devices. the products of the group are provided to consumer audio a
4580	ACTV	Triple P N.V.	CN	The company develops & designs applications software & it solutions for client-server, information & communication networks. in addition, the company 
4581	ACTV	Bear Stearns & Co, Inc.	IV	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
4582	ACTV	Startech Environmental Corporation	WM	The company is an environmental technology corporation that develops, produces and markets low cost waste minimization, resource recovery and pollutio
4583	ACTV	StarTek, Inc.	BS	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
4584	ACTV	TriQuint Semiconductor, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are design, develop, manufacture and markets a broad range of high-performance analog and mixed-signal integrate
4585	ACTV	TriZetto Group, Inc. (The)	CS	The principal activities of the group are the provision of remotely hosted software applications and related services used in the healthcare industry,
4586	ACTV	TV Azteca S.A.	BC	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
4587	ACTV	Titan Corporation	TI	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
4588	ACTV	Troy Group, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the company are providing financial payment systems and connectivity solutions. the company operates in two reportable seg
4589	ACTV	TrueTime, Inc.	EI	The company designs, develops, manufactures and markets precision time and electrical signal generating components used in many technology based marke
4590	ACTV	TSR, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the company is to provide contract computer programming services. the contract computer programming services involves, provi
4591	ACTV	BCE, Inc.	CU	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
4592	ACTV	UST, Inc.	TO	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied non-cyclical consumer things     
4593	ACTV	Unit Corporation	OO	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
4594	ACTV	Twin Disc, Inc.	MG	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied capital things    
4595	ACTV	Techne Corporation	BD	The principal activities of the group are manufacturing, developing and distribution of biological products under two operating segments; Hematology c
4596	ACTV	Aqua Care Systems, Inc.	MG	The company designs, manufactures and services filtration systems and products, flow control systems and products, water filtration and purification p
4597	ACTV	Telik, Inc.	BD	The company''s principal activity is to discover, develop and commercialize drugs to treat serious diseases for which there is significant demand for 
4598	ACTV	TTI Team Telecom International Limited	SP	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
4599	ACTV	TTM Technologies, Inc.	EI	The company''s principal activity is to manufacture complex printed circuit boards used in sophisticated electronic equipment. the company provides ti
4600	ACTV	TTR Technologies, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the company are to design, develop and commercialize anti-piracy software technologies that provide encryption and copy pr
4601	ACTV	Barclays plc	MC	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
4602	ACTV	Wisconsin Energy Corporation	EU	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of energy related stuff      
4603	ACTV	Too, Inc.	AA	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
4604	ACTV	Tenet Healthcare Corporation	HF	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of health care related products       
4605	ACTV	Tumbleweed Communications Corporation	SP	The principal activity of the group is the provision of mission-critical messaging solutions that enable the organizations to manage and secure online
4606	ACTV	TVX Gold, Inc.	GS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
4607	ACTV	Starwood Hotel & Resorts Worldwide, Inc.	HM	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
4608	ACTV	Stein Mart, Inc.	RT	The principal activity of the company consists of merchandising of apparels for women, men and children, as well as accessories, gifts, linens, shoes 
4609	ACTV	Tut Systems, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the group are the design, development and marketing of advanced communications products which enable high-speed data acces
4610	ACTV	Tyler Technologies, Inc.	CS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
4611	ACTV	Bank of Marin	RB	The bank is a state chartered commercial bank which offers a broad range of commercial and retail lending services. the lending services provided by t
4612	ACTV	Vina Concha y Toro S.A.	BA	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different consuma    
4613	ACTV	United Heritage Corporation	OO	The company operates through its wholly owned-subsidiaries, national heritage sales corporation, uhc petroleum corporation, uhc petroleum services cor
4614	ACTV	Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited	BD	The group's principal activities are the development, production, marketing and distribution of two segments: pharmaceuticals (development, production
4615	ACTV	Steiner Leisure Limited	PS	Provides hair, beauty, massage and fitness services, and skin and hair care products on board cruise ships; And develops, markets and sells variety of
4616	ACTV	Applied Microsystems Corporation	CN	The company develops, markets and supports a comprehensive suite of software and hardware enhanced development and test tools. the activities of the c
4617	ACTV	Toymax International, Inc.	RP	The company creates, designs and develops innovative toys which are marketed in the united states, canada, europe and other countries. the company mar
4618	ACTV	Texas Biotechnology Corporation	BD	The principal activities of the group are the discovery, development and commercialization of novel, synthetic, small molecule compounds for the treat
4619	ACTV	Stericycle, Inc.	WM	The principal activities of the group are the provision of regulated medical waste collection, transportation and treatment services to hospitals, hea
4620	ACTV	TrizecHahn Corporation	BS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
4621	ACTV	Bank of Hawaii Corporation	RB	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
4622	ACTV	Trump Hotels & Casino Resorts, Inc.	CG	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
4623	ACTV	Ulticom, Inc.	SP	The company designs, develops, markets and supports network-signaling software for wireless, wireline and internet communications. the company current
4624	ACTV	Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (The)	SP	The principal activity of the company is to design, market, implement and support technologically advanced cross-industry human resources management a
4625	ACTV	Ultrak, Inc.	EI	The group designs, manufactures, markets, sells and services innovative electronic products and systems for security and surveillance, industrial vide
4626	ACTV	U.S. Energy Systems, Inc.	EU	The group owns, develops and operates cogeneration and independent power plants through its subsidiaries. the group also provides environmental and re
4627	ACTV	TheraSense, Inc.	ME	The group''s principal activity is to develop, manufacture and sell glucose self-monitoring systems which reduce the pain of testing for people with d
4628	ACTV	Tuesday Morning Corporation	DD	The principal activities of the group include the closeout retailing of upscale home furnishing, gifts and related items in the united states. current
4629	ACTV	Tumbleweed, Inc.	RS	The company operates and franchises tumbleweed southwest mesquite grill and bar full service restaurants. the tumbleweed menu offers both distinctivel
4630	ACTV	Ultralife Batteries, Inc.	EI	The principal activities of the company are developing, manufacturing and marketing of a broad range of standard and customized primary lithium and po
4631	ACTV	Ball Corporation	CK	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
4632	ACTV	Unocal Corporation	OO	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
4633	ACTV	Sony Corporation	AV	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique cyclical consumer items   
4634	ACTV	Third Wave Technologies, Inc.	BD	The company provides test kits, components and related products for analyzing genetic variations. the invader operating system is the company''s paten
4635	ACTV	United PanAm Financial Corporation	SB	The company is a bank holding company for pan american financial, inc and pan america bank, fsb. the company is a diversified specialty finance compan
4636	ACTV	Urstadt Biddle Properties, Inc.	RE	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
4637	ACTV	Waterford Wedgwood plc	PH	Designs, manufactures and distributes high quality crystal, fine bone china and fine earthenware products such as stemware, lightingware, ceramic tabl
4638	ACTV	Thoratec Corporation	ME	The principal activities of the group are to develop, manufacture and market of proprietary medical devices used for circulatory support and vascular 
4639	ACTV	United Security Bancshares	RB	Performs commercial banking operations ond other relate finnacial activities. new registrant.      
4640	ACTV	Ultratech, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are developing, manufacturing and marketing of photolithography equipment designed to reduce the cost of ownersh
4641	ACTV	AZZ, Inc.	EI	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
4642	ACTV	SpatiaLight, Inc.	PG	The company develops, designs and markets high-resolution active matrix liquid crystal displays. these displays are referred to as liquid crystal disp
4643	ACTV	United Security Bancshares, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the company is to provide commercial banking services. the services of the bank include acceptance of deposits like demand
4644	ACTV	Unisys Corporation	CH	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
4645	ACTV	United Online, Inc.	CS	Holding company with subsidiaries which offer consumers free and pay access to the internet, e-mail and customizable navigation tools that provide spe
4646	ACTV	Uniao de Bancos Brasileiros S.A (Unibanco)	RB	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied financial things      
4647	ACTV	TLC Vision Corporation	HF	Develops and manages laser vision correction centers in the u.s. and canada; And currently owns and manages 53 eye care centers in the united states a
4648	ACTV	Restaurant Property, Inc	RE	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
4649	ACTV	US SEARCH.com, Inc.	CS	Provides individual, corporate and professional clients with a single, comprehensive access point to a broad range of information and data f r locatin
4650	ACTV	VA Software Corporation	SP	Provides linux-based computer systems, and other professional services, including system architecture design, systems integration and security consult
4651	ACTV	AXT, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are design, development, manufacture and distribution of high-performance compound semiconductor substrates, opt
4652	ACTV	Valero Energy Corporation	OO	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different energy    
4653	ACTV	Transgene S.A.	BD	Discovers and develops gene therapy technologies and products for the treatment of acquired or inherited diseases for which there is no cure or adequa
4654	ACTV	U.S. Vision, Inc.	RL	The company's principal business activity is the retail sale of optical products and services operating through licensed retail optical departments an
4655	ACTV	Valence Technology, Inc.	EI	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing of rechargeable lithium polymer batteries for portable co
4656	ACTV	Apollo Group, Inc.	SC	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
4657	ACTV	Westpoint Stevens, Inc	PH	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of non-cyclical consumer goods       
4658	ACTV	Sport-Haley, Inc.	AA	Sport-haley, inc., designs, markets and contracts men's and women's fashion golf apparel. the company markets its products through a network of indepe
4659	ACTV	Triangle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the group is the development of new drug candidates primarily in the antiviral area, with a particular focus on therapies fo
4660	ACTV	United Tennessee Bankshares, Inc.	SB	The company is a holding company for newport federal bank. the group attracts deposits from the public and invests funds in loans secured by first mor
4661	ACTV	Avant ImmunoTherapeutics, Inc.	BD	The company is a biopharmaceutical company which is into discovery, development and commercialisation of new classes of diagnostic and therapeutic pro
4662	ACTV	UnitedHealth Group, Inc.	IA	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
4663	ACTV	VantageMed Corporation	SP	The company provides healthcare information systems and services distributed to over 11,000 customer sites through a network of 15 regional offices. t
4664	ACTV	Varian Semiconductor Equipment Associates, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are the design, manufacture, market and service (which includes maintenance, spare parts and product enhancement
4665	ACTV	VASCO Data Security International, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, marketing and supporting security products and services which manage and protect agai
4666	ACTV	Union Electric Company	EU	Owns and operates a bunch of different energy related things     
4667	ACTV	U.S. Concrete, Inc.	RM	The principal activities of the company are it provides ready-mixed concrete and related products and services to construction companies in the united
4668	ACTV	Unity Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The companu is a one bank holding company for unity bank. the activities of the group are providing full-service commercial banking services with a wi
4669	ACTV	Vastera, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are to provide web-based products and services that facilitate international buying and selling of goods. the we
4670	ACTV	Veeco Instruments, Inc.	SM	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing, marketing and servicing a broad line of equipment primarily used by manufacturers 
4671	ACTV	Atwood Oceanics, Inc.	OW	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different energy    
4672	ACTV	Toyota Motor Corporation	AM	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of cyclical consumer goods     
4673	ACTV	Universal American Financial Corporation	IA	The principal activities of the group is to develop, administer and market its products through its nine insurance subsidiaries in the united states a
4674	ACTV	UbiquiTel, Inc.	CU	The principal activity of the company is to provide sprint pcs digital wireless communication services to four markets in the western and midwestern u
4675	ACTV	UniFirst Corporation	BS	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
4676	ACTV	Viewpoint Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the group are designing, developing, publishing, marketing and supporting visual computing software tools and technologies
4677	ACTV	Willamette Valley Vineyards, Inc.	CR	The principal activities of the company are manufacturing and selling of premium, super premium and ultra premium varieties of wines. the company's vi
4678	ACTV	Trimeris, Inc.	BD	Discovers and develops novel therapeutic agents which block viral infection by inhibiting viral fusion with host cells.  
4679	ACTV	University Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company is a bank holding company which provides customary banking services by accepting checks and deposits through its subsidiaries. the company
4680	ACTV	United Business Media plc	PP	Publishes advertising periodicals, newspapers and consumer magazines; Sponsors, organizes and operates business trade shows; Provides market research 
4681	ACTV	Asia Satellite Telecommunications Holdings Limited	CU	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
4682	ACTV	U.S. Home Systems, Inc.	CX	The principal activities of the group are : networks & tv productions operates usa network and sci-fi channel cable networks and studios usa which pro
4683	ACTV	Unizan Financial Corporation	RB	Bank holding company with subsidiaries which offers commercial banking operations and other related financial activities; And wealth management produc
4684	ACTV	Veramark Technologies, Inc	SP	The company designs & manufactures telecommunication management, cost control system,billing & customer care systems for users of private branch excha
4685	ACTV	VeriSign, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are the provision of trusted infrastructure services to website owners, enterprises, electronic commerce service
4686	ACTV	Universal Display Corporation	CP	The company is engaged in the research, development and commercialization of organic light emitting diode technology for use in flat panel displays an
4687	ACTV	Tropical Sportswear International Corporation	AA	The company designs, manufactures and sells high quality casual, men's dress & women's apparel. the products of the company include pants, shorts, coa
4688	ACTV	Trinity Biotech plc	BD	Develops and markets rapid diagnostic whole blood and saliva-based tests for detection of aids, hepatitis and other infectious diseases; And manufactu
4689	ACTV	UnumProvident Corporation	IA	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to finance     
4690	ACTV	United Dominion Realty, Inc.	RE	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
4691	ACTV	Ashanti Goldfields Company Limited	GS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
4692	ACTV	United Industries Corporation	AD	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of really big items    
4693	ACTV	Tularik, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company are discovering and developing a broad range of novel and superior orally available drugs based on gene regula
4694	ACTV	US Bancorp	MC	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
4695	ACTV	United Rentals, Inc.	RN	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
4696	ACTV	AON Corporation	IM	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
4697	ACTV	Wrigley William JR Company	FP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
4698	ACTV	United Retail Group, Inc.	RT	United retail group, inc. is a specialty retailer of large size women's apparel and accessories which include casual wear, career wear, specialty item
4699	ACTV	UnitedGlobalCom, Inc.	BC	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide international broadband communications of video, telephony, internet-data and programing services to r
4700	ACTV	Verisity Limited	SP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to technology        
4701	ACTV	Arthur J. Gallagher & Company	IM	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
4702	ACTV	TurboChef Technologies, Inc.	AT	The company designs, develops and markets proprietary cooking systems. commercial cooking systems are marketed under the name of turbochef. these tech
4703	ACTV	U.S. China Industrial Exchange, Inc.	HF	The company, doing business as chindex international, inc., is an american company operating in the healthcare sectors of the chinese marketplace, inc
4704	ACTV	Univision Communications, Inc.	BC	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
4705	ACTV	Urban Outfitters, Inc.	RT	The principal activity of the company is the operation of general consumer product retail stores under two business segments: merchandising retailing 
4706	ACTV	ValiCert, Inc.	CS	The group''s principal activity is to provide solutions for conducting business transactions over the internet. secure data transfer software products
4707	ACTV	Veritas DGC, Inc.	OW	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of energy related goods      
4708	ACTV	UNOVA, Inc.	MG	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of really big things        
4709	ACTV	Unilab Corporation	HF	Provides clinical laboratory testing services to physicians, managed care groups, hospitals and other health care providers.    
4710	ACTV	US Restaurant Properties, Inc.	RE	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
4711	ACTV	Argosy Gaming Company	CG	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
4712	ACTV	United Surgical Partners International, Inc.	HF	Owns and operates surgery centers and private surgical hospitals in the united states, spain and the united kingdom. new registrant.     
4713	ACTV	Veritas Software Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the group are the provision of storage management software and data protection software. the products are developed for mo
4714	ACTV	Verity, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are developing, marketing and supporting software tools and applications that enables individuals, enterprises a
4715	ACTV	Versant Corporation	SP	The principal activities of the group are to design, develop, market and support object management systems, including database management systems, dat
4716	ACTV	Annapolis Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company is a bank holding company which carries its operations through its subsidiary annapolis national bank. the group offers a broad range of b
4717	ACTV	Unifi, Inc.	TN	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to consumer stuff      
4718	ACTV	USA Networks, Inc.	BC	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
4719	ACTV	Versata, Inc.	SP	The company provides a comprehensive suite of software and services that enable the company's customers to rapidly deploy e-business software applicat
4720	ACTV	Verso Technologies, Inc.	CN	The company provides technology infrastructure solutions that power complex business environments. the company's solutions include, enterprise managem
4721	ACTV	Aradigm Corporation	ME	The principal activity of the company are: developing of advanced pulmonary drug delivery systems for the treatment of systematic conditions as well a
4722	ACTV	Yankee Candle, Inc.	PH	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
4723	ACTV	URS Corporation	CV	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of capita        
4724	ACTV	UTStarcom, Inc.	CU	The company provides telecommunications equipment for service providers operating in wireless and wireline networks. the company provides network acce
4725	ACTV	Vertel Corporation	CN	The principal activities of the group is to provide advanced telecommunication management solutionsincluding communications infrastructure products, n
4726	ACTV	Verilink Corporation	CE	The company develops, manufactures, and markets integrated access products and customer premise equipment products. telecommunications network service
4727	ACTV	Weatherford International, Inc.	OO	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different energy related things      
4728	ACTV	Valassis Communications	AE	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
4729	ACTV	Value City Department Stores, Inc.	DD	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
4730	ACTV	Vertex Interactive, Inc.	CS	Provides systems integration and middleware solutions specializing in middleware technologies, data collection solutions warehouse management systems 
4731	ACTV	Anthony & Sylvan Pools Corporation	CV	The company is an installer of residential swimming pools, spas and related products. the company's also provides pool renovation services, offers rel
4732	ACTV	Uniroyal Technology Corporation	TI	The principal activities of the group are the developing, manufacturing, and selling of a broad range of materials employing plastics and specialty ch
4733	ACTV	Universal Health Services, Inc.	HF	The company performs a bunch of different health care related stuff      
4734	ACTV	ValueClick, Inc.	AE	The principal activities of the compnay is to provide performance-based internet advertising solutions for publishers of web sites and online advertis
4735	ACTV	VerticalNet, Inc.	CS	The principal activity of the group is to provide end-to-end e-commerce solutions to distinct business segments. the company operates through its two 
4736	ACTV	Visual Data Corporation	CS	The company provides full service of streaming-content applications, production technology and media solutions using advanced technology and informati
4737	ACTV	ValueVision International, Inc.	CT	Thecompany's principal electronic media activity is its television home shopping business which uses recognized on-air television home shopping person
4738	ACTV	Ventas, Inc.	RE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
4739	ACTV	VIA NET.WORKS, Inc.	CS	Offers comprehensive range of bundled and stand-alone internet access and value-added products and services.   
4740	ACTV	Viant Corporation	CS	The company provides internet professional services, which includes strategic consulting, creative design and technology services to companies seeking
4741	ACTV	Anika Therapeutics, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company are to develop, manufacture and commercialize therapeutic products and devices. these are used to promote the 
4742	ACTV	Zapata Corporation	FP	The company performs a bunch of different consumables        
4743	ACTV	Universal Automotive Industries, Inc.	AP	The company is a holding company, manufactures and distributes brake rotors and other brake parts for the automotive market. the company's products ar
4744	ACTV	Vail Banks, Inc.	RB	The company is a bank holding company which provides a broad range of commercial and consumer banking products and services to individuals and small-t
4745	ACTV	Valencia Bank & Trust	RB	The group''s principal activity is the provision of commercial banking services within the santa clarita and antelope valleys of southern california. 
4746	ACTV	Vintage Petroleum, Inc.	OO	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy     
4747	ACTV	Valley National Bancorp	RB	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
4748	ACTV	Ventiv Health, Inc.	BS	The principal activity of the company is the provision of integrated marketing services for its clients, primarily pharmaceutical companies. the servi
4749	ACTV	Viacom, Inc.	MP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
4750	ACTV	Vicinity Corporation	BS	Provides internet-based marketing infrastructure services which enable clients to direct consumers searching for a specific product or service to the 
4751	ACTV	Anheuser Busch Companies, Inc.	BA	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique non-cyclical consumer items      
4752	ACTV	Urologix, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the company is researching, developing, manufacturing and marketing medical devices for the treatment of benign prostatic 
4753	ACTV	Vestaur Securities, Inc.	IV	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
4754	ACTV	Vicom, Inc.	CU	The company provides products and services to integrate voice, video, data networking and computer technologies for commercial, professional and insti
4755	ACTV	Vicor Corporation	EI	Designs, develops, manufactures and markets component-level dc-dc, ac-dc and military power solutions, used primarily by electronic oem's, for communi
4756	ACTV	ANADIGICS, Inc.	SM	Designs, develops and manufactures radio frequency and microwave integrated circuits used to receive and transmit signals in variety of high volume, w
4757	ACTV	Universal Electronics, Inc.	AT	The principal activity of the group is to develop and market easy-to-use, preprogrammed universal wireless control devices (such as remote controls, w
4758	ACTV	Vestin Group, Inc.	CF	The activities of the company is to originate loans, primarily for commercial and residential developers, and obtain funds through private lenders sec
4759	ACTV	Village Super Market, Inc.	GR	Operates chain of supermarkets which include on-site bakeries, expanded delicatessens, fresh seafood sections and prescription pharmacies; And operate
4760	ACTV	Vimpel-Communications	CU	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
4761	ACTV	Andersons, Inc. (The)	CR	The group's principal activity is the operation of four business segments, namely, the agriculture group, the retail group, the processing group and t
4762	ACTV	US Oncology, Inc.	HF	The principal activity of the group is the provision of comprehensive management services under long-term agreements to oncology practices related to 
4763	ACTV	VIB Corporation	MS	The group offers a full range of commercial banking services including the origination of commercial, u.s. small business administration (sba), accoun
4764	ACTV	VSE Corporation	BS	The company provides diversified engineering, technical and management services to agencies of the united states government and prime contractors. the
4765	ACTV	Video Display Corporation	EI	The company manufactures and distributes cathode ray tubes (crts) in the worldwide replacement market. these tubes are used in television sets and dat
4766	ACTV	ViroLogic, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the company are developing, marketing and selling innovative products to guide and improve treatment of viral diseases. th
4767	ACTV	USG Corporation	RM	Owns and operates a bunch of different capital things        
4768	ACTV	Virginia Commerce Bancorp	RB	The principal activities of the bank are providing general commercial banking business through its subsidiary, virginia commerce bancorp inc. the serv
4769	ACTV	W P Carey & Coompany	RE	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
4770	ACTV	Wackenhut Corporation	BS	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
4771	ACTV	Analogic Corporation	ST	Designs, manufactures and sells high-technology, high-precision conversion and signal processing instruments and systems, and medical electronic equip
4772	ACTV	uniView Technologies Corporation	AV	The principal activity of the company is offering enhanced digital media solutions. the company also provides enterprise customer service solutions th
4773	ACTV	Virginia Financial Group, Inc	RB	The principal activity of the group is providing commercial banking and trust activities through its 15 offices. the group offers full range of bankin
4774	ACTV	Wal Mart Stores, Inc.	DD	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
4775	ACTV	Viisage Technology, Inc.	CN	The principle activities of the company are to provide digital identification systems and solutions. these solutions improve personal convenience and 
4776	ACTV	WD-40 Company	PH	The principal activities of the group are the manufacture and sale of multi-purpose lubricants and heavy-duty hand cleaners principally through retail
4777	ACTV	Vista Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The company is a multi bank holding company providing a full range of retail and commercial banking services through 15 branch offices located in new 
4778	ACTV	Walgreens	DR	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
4779	ACTV	VINA Technologies, Inc.	CE	The company develops and markets multiservice broadband access communications equipment to deliver multiple voice and data services over a single high
4780	ACTV	Virage, Inc.	SP	The company is a provider of software products and application services. these services enable media and entertainment companies, enterprises and cons
4781	ACTV	AMX Corporation	EI	The company designs, develops and markets advanced electronic equipment and software that enable the distribution of internet content to non-personal 
4782	ACTV	Valmont Industries, Inc.	CX	The company is engaged in the businesses of infrastructure and irrigation. irrigation, includes the manufacture and distribution of agricultural irrig
4783	ACTV	W Holding Company, Inc.	RB	The principal activity of the company is the provision of financial services through its wholly owned subsidiary, westernbank puerto rico. the bank pr
4784	ACTV	Wachovia Corporation	MC	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
4785	ACTV	Walt Disney Company (The)	BC	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
4786	ACTV	Wabtec Corporation	MG	The company performs a bunch of different capital stuff       
4787	ACTV	Vans, Inc.	FO	The principal activities of the group are designing, marketing and distribution of high quality casual and active-casual footwear and clothing, perfor
4788	ACTV	United States Steel Corporation	IS	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
4789	ACTV	Utah Medical Products, Inc.	ME	The company develops, manufactures and markets a broad range of medical devices used in critical care, delivery departments of hospitals, clinics and 
4790	ACTV	Warren Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The bank is a multi-bank holding company operating as a community bank and is in the business of making individual and commercial loans to customers. 
4791	ACTV	AMR Corporation	AR	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique transportation related items     
4792	ACTV	Warwick Community Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The company through its wholly owned subsidiaries the warwick savings bank, a savings bank and towne center bank, a commercial bank provides savings a
4793	ACTV	Warwick Valley Telephone Company	CU	The company provides communications services with 19,314 access lines in new york state and 10,926 in new jersey. the company's segments consist of a 
4794	ACTV	Washington Post Company	PP	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
4795	ACTV	Washington Real Estate Investment	RE	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
4796	ACTV	Ameristar Casinos, Inc.	CG	The principal activities of the group are the ownership and operation of casinos and related hotel and entertainment facilities with six properties in
4797	ACTV	Vasomedical, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the group are research, development and commercialization of systems and equipment designed to provide non-invasive, outpa
4798	ACTV	Washington Federal, Inc.	SB	The principal activity of the group is in the business of attracting savings deposits from the general public and investing these funds, together with
4799	ACTV	ViryaNet Limited	SP	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different technological things       
4800	ACTV	Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.	EI	The company performs a bunch of different technology related stuff      
4801	ACTV	Ampal-American Israel Corporation	IV	Acquires interests in businesses located in the state of israel or that are israel-related, primary investment focus including high technology and com
4802	ACTV	WPS Resources Corporation	EU	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to energy production a        
4803	ACTV	Variflex, Inc.	RP	The company is a wholesaler and distributor of sports and recreational goods. the various products of company include in-line skates, skateboards, rec
4804	ACTV	Universal Forest Products, Inc.	FW	The company engineers, manufactures, treats and distributes lumber products for manufactured housing, industrial, wholesale and construction markets. 
4805	ACTV	VaxGen, Inc.	BD	The company is a bio-technological company that develops and commercializes a vaccine intended to eradicate hiv. since its incorporation, the company 
4806	ACTV	Websense, Inc.	SP	The company provides employee internet management products that enable business to monitor, report and manage how employee use the internet. the produ
4807	ACTV	Western Gas Resources, Inc.	OO	The company performs a bunch of different energy related stuff        
4808	ACTV	VCA Antech, Inc.	HF	The company''s principal activity is to provide animal health care services with positions in two core businesses, animal hospitals and veterinary dia
4809	ACTV	Waste Connections, Inc.	WM	The principal activity of the group is the provision of solid waste collection, transfer, disposal and recycling services in secondary markets of the 
4810	ACTV	Visionics Corporation	ST	Develops, manufactures, assembles and markets fingerprint recording and identification products based on electro-optical imaging technologies; And pro
4811	ACTV	American Standard Companies, Inc.	MG	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of really big items    
4812	ACTV	Universal Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc.	IS	The company manufactures and markets semi-finished and finished specialty steel products. the products of the company include stainless steel, tool st
4813	ACTV	Washington Mutual, Inc.	SB	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
4814	ACTV	Waste Holdings, Inc.	WM	Holding company with subsidiary which provides solid waste collection, transfer, disposal and recycling services to commercial, industrial and residen
4815	ACTV	Waste Management, Inc.	WM	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
4816	ACTV	American Bank, Inc.	RB	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different financial things     
4817	ACTV	Velcro Industries N.V.	AA	Holding company with subsidiaries which manufacture and market hook and loop woven nylon fasteners.   
4818	ACTV	Ventana Medical Systems, Inc.	ME	The company develops and markets advanced systems for performing immunohistochemistry (ihc) and insitu hybridization (ish) procedures. the company mar
4819	ACTV	Weingarten Realty Investors	RE	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied service related things    
4820	ACTV	Visual Networks, Inc.	SP	The principal activity of the company is to design, manufacture, sell and support comprehensive service management systems for providers and users of 
4821	ACTV	American Realty Investors, Inc.	RE	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
4822	ACTV	Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The principal activities of the group are the discovery, development and commercialization of novel, small molecule, drugs that address significant ma
4823	ACTV	Vital Images, Inc.	SP	The company develops and markets 3d medical imaging software for use primarily in disease screening, clinical diagnosis and therapy planning. the comp
4824	ACTV	VitalWorks, Inc.	SP	The company provides healthcare practice management software products and related services. the company's products are mainly used by physicians, dent
4825	ACTV	Vixel Corporation	CD	The group provides comprehensive solutions in storage area networks (sans). the networks are specially designed to interconnect computer systems and d
4826	ACTV	Webster City Federal Bancorp	SB	The principal activities of the group include accepting deposits from the general public and investing such deposits, together with other sources of f
4827	ACTV	Willbros Group, Inc.	OW	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied energy related things    
4828	ACTV	Vermont Teddy Bear Company, Inc. (The)	RP	The company designs, manufactures and distributes different types of teddy bears and related products. the company offers teddy bears in a variety of 
4829	ACTV	Valhi, Inc.	CM	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
4830	ACTV	Virbac Corporation	BD	The company manufactures and markets a wide variety of pet and companion animal health products. the company's products are used to promote the health
4831	ACTV	American Medical Systems Holdings, Inc.	ME	The company''s principal activity is to manufacture and market a broad line of well-established proprietary surgical products directly to urologists f
4832	ACTV	York Water Company (The)	WU	The principal activity of the company is to impound, purify and distribute water within its franchised territory situated in york country, pennsylvani
4833	ACTV	Weis Markets, Inc.	GR	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
4834	ACTV	Wendys International, Inc.	RS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
4835	ACTV	West Marine, Inc.	RL	The principal activities of the group is to retail recreational and commercial boating supplies and apparels, which it markets through 233 retail stor
4836	ACTV	Williams Companies, Inc.	NG	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related products   
4837	ACTV	Westaff, Inc.	BS	The principal activity of the group is that of providing temporary staffing services, including replacement, supplemental and on-site programs to busi
4838	ACTV	VocalTec Communications Limited	CN	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied technological things    
4839	ACTV	Vodavi Technology, Inc.	CE	The company, designs, markets and supports telecommunication solutions, voice processing systems and computer telephony products including fax mail, i
4840	ACTV	V-ONE Corporation	CN	The principal activities of the company is to develop, market and license a comprehensive suite of network security products which help the organizati
4841	ACTV	American Express Company	CF	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
4842	ACTV	Wiser Oil Company	OO	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied energy related things     
4843	ACTV	VF Corporation	AA	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different consumer things     
4844	ACTV	Valspar Corporation (The)	CM	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
4845	ACTV	Westcoast Hospitality Corporation	HM	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
4846	ACTV	W-H Energy services, Inc.	OW	The group''s principal activities are to provide products and services used primarily for the drilling, completion and production of oil and natural g
4847	ACTV	Visible Genetics, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the group are developing, manufacturing and selling integrated dna sequencing systems and genotyping kits. the products of
4848	ACTV	Western Wireless Corporation	CU	Provides wireless communications services, including cellular and personal communications services, in the western united states; And distributes hand
4849	ACTV	Westwood One, Inc.	MP	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
4850	ACTV	Vyyo, Inc.	CE	The company supplies wireless access systems used by telecommunications service providers to deliver wireless, high-speed data connections to business
4851	ACTV	American Dental Partners, Inc.	BS	The principle activities of the company is to provide business services to multi-disciplinary dental groups. the services provided by the company are 
4852	ACTV	Vari-Lite International, Inc.	MF	The principal activities of the company are designing, manufacturing and distribution of automated lighting systems. the company provides automated li
4853	ACTV	Wallace Computer Services, Inc.	CS	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied technological things     
4854	ACTV	WatchGuard Technologies, Inc.	SP	The group provides dynamic, comprehensive internet security solutions designed to protect small to medium-sized enterprise(sme), businesses, governman
4855	ACTV	Waters Corporation	ST	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different technology related things     
4856	ACTV	AMB Property Corporation	RE	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
4857	ACTV	Dover Corporation	CO	Owns and operates a ton of things all related to some type of stuff      
4858	ACTV	Wacoal Corporation	AA	Manufactures and sells, primarily in japan, women's intimate apparel and outerwear such as slips, bra-slips and briefs, as well as children's nightwea
4859	ACTV	Vital Signs, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing and marketing of single-patient use products for the anesthesia, respiratory, criti
4860	ACTV	Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group consist of the provision of banking and other financial services. these services include: residential mortgages,
4861	ACTV	Alpha Hospitality Corporation	HM	The company was engaged in the ownership and operation of a gaming vessel in greenville, mississippi, which was operated by the company's wholly owned
4862	ACTV	Watson Pharmaceuticals, Inc.	BD	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied health care things      
4863	ACTV	Waterside Capital Corporation	MS	Invests in equity and debt securities of small businesses to finance their growth, expansion and modernization.      
4864	ACTV	Wave Systems Corporation	SM	The principal activities of the group are research and development and market testing of a proprietary system (the wave system) which performs buying 
4865	ACTV	Wavecom S.A.	CE	Develops, markets and distributes a line of digital wireless standard modules, know as wismo modules for use in mobile phones and other wireless syste
4866	ACTV	Wilshire State Bank	RB	The company is a community bank conducting a general commercial banking business and sba specialty bank with an emphasis on minority-owned businesses.
4867	ACTV	Walter Industries, Inc.	CV	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied capital things       
4868	ACTV	W R Grace & Company	CM	The company performs a bunch of different stuff       
4869	ACTV	Webhire, Inc.	CS	Designs, develops, markets, licenses, implements and supports internet- and intranet-based recruiting solutions to automate candidate sourcing, intern
4870	ACTV	WebMD Corporation	CS	The principal activities of the company is to provide healthcare information and services. the company provides a range of transaction and information
4871	ACTV	ALLTEL Corporation	CU	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
4872	ACTV	Wescast Industries, Inc.	AP	Manufactures and supplies exhaust manifolds for passenger cars and light trucks; And manufactures steel pump equipment parts for the patrochemical, po
4873	ACTV	West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc.	BD	The company develops commercial applications of a number of different health care related things     
4874	ACTV	webMethods, Inc.	SP	The principal activities of the group are to provide infrastructure software and services for comprehensive end-to-end integration solutions that enab
4875	ACTV	Wegener Corporation	CE	The company designs, manufactures and distributes communications transmission and receiving equipment. the company provides digital solutions for vide
4876	ACTV	Women's Golf Unlimited, Inc	RP	Manufactures and markets a proprietary line of golf equipment, including golf clubs, bags, balls and accessories, for both women and men.  
4877	ACTV	World Heart Corporation	ME	Develops unique ventricular assist devices which, without replacing the heart, either assist or assume the natural heart's pumping functions.     
4878	ACTV	Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.	SB	The bank is an ohio-chartered stock savings and loan association. the principal activity of the bank is to offer traditional financial services to its
4879	ACTV	Westaim Corporation (The)	EI	The group operates in five segments: westaim coating solutions, coinage, nucryst pharmaceutical, ifire technology and other. westaim coating solutions
4880	ACTV	Westell Technologies, Inc.	CE	Designs, manufactures, markets and services broad range of digital and analog products used by telephone companies in order to deliver advanced data a
4881	ACTV	Crompton Corporation	CM	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
4882	ACTV	Watsco, Inc.	MG	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied capital things    
4883	ACTV	Wright Medical Group, Inc.	ME	The group''s principal activity is specializing in the design, manufacture and marketing of reconstructive joint devices and bio-orthopaedic materials
4884	ACTV	Waypoint Financial Corporation	SB	The principal activities of the group are attracting deposits from the general public and investing deposit funds primarily in commercial loans, resid
4885	ACTV	Western Digital Corporation	CD	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique technology related items       
4886	ACTV	Wire One Technologies, Inc.	CU	The company is a single source provider of video communications solutions that encompass the entire video communications value chain. the company inte
4887	ACTV	WebFinancial Corporation	SB	The principal activities of the company is to operate in niche banking markets through its subsidiaries. the company, formerly known as rose holdings,
4888	ACTV	Wind River Systems, Inc.	SP	The company develops, markets, supports and provides consulting services for advanced software operating systems and development tools. the company's 
4889	ACTV	Wink Communications	EI	The principal activity of the group is the enhancement of television broadcasting system that adds interactivity and electronic commerce opportunities
4890	ACTV	Witness Systems, Inc.	SP	The company is engaged in providing business-driven multimedia recording, analysis and electronic learning software that enables companies to enhance 
4891	ACTV	Alderwoods Group, Inc.	PS	Provides a full range of at-need and pre-arranged funeral services, as well as cemetery products and services and life insurance products.  
4892	ACTV	WRP Corporation	ME	Holding company with subsidiary which manufactures and sells latex and rubber products including disposable gloves; And receives royalties on sales of
4893	ACTV	Webster Financial Corporation	SB	The group provides financial services to individuals, families and businesses in connecticut and financial advisory services to public and private com
4894	ACTV	WJ Communications, Inc.	CE	The group''s principal activities are to design, develop and manufacture broadband communications products for current and next generation fiber optic
4895	ACTV	Woodhead Industries, Inc.	EI	Manufactures and markets devices for control and distribution of electrical power, including portable handlamps, low-voltage safety lights, circuit te
4896	ACTV	Alternate Marketing Networks, Inc.	AE	The company provides advertising, marketing and logistics services for national advertisers and publishers. the company distributes samples, suburban 
4897	ACTV	Westerbeke Corporation	MG	The prinicipal activities of the group is to design, manufacture and market marine engine and air-conditioning products. the company's marine products
4898	ACTV	Xenova Group plc	BD	Holding company with subsidiaries which discover and develop small molecule drugs derived from naturally occurring micro-organisms such as fungi and b
4899	ACTV	Wellpoint Health Networks, Inc.	IA	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
4900	ACTV	Workgroup Technology Corporation	SP	The company provides client server software solutions which facilitate the management of product information and work processes. the solutions of the 
4901	ACTV	Akamai Technologies, Inc.	CS	The company provides global delivery services for internet content, streaming media and applications and global internet traffic management. the compa
4902	ACTV	XOMA Limited	BD	The company develops and manufactures antibody and other protein products to treat cancer, immunological and inflammatory disorders and infectious dis
4903	ACTV	Wells Financial Corporation	SB	The primary activity of the company is directing and planning the activities of the bank. the group is a unitary savings and loan holding company of w
4904	ACTV	WSI Industries, Inc.	EI	The company (formerly known as washington scientific industries, inc.) manufactures metal components in medium to high volume for use in the agricultu
4905	ACTV	XATA Corporation	CH	Xata corporation provides logistics management software solutions for the fleet management in the transportation industry. the products of the company
4906	ACTV	Xerox Corporation	OE	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
4907	ACTV	Wausau Mosinee Paper Corporation	PA	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied things       
4908	ACTV	WesBanco, Inc.	RB	The principal activities of the group are the provision of financial services including retail banking, corporate banking, personal and corporate trus
4909	ACTV	XETA Technologies, Inc.	CE	The company develops, manufactures and markets call accounting systems and is a nation-wide distributor of third-party manufactured pbx systems. long 
4910	ACTV	XeTel Corporation	SM	The corporation provides advanced design and prototype services, manufactures sophisticated surface mount assemblies and supplies full-service manufac
4911	ACTV	Aetrium, Inc.	EI	The company designs, manufactures and markets a variety of electromechanical equipment used in the handling and testing of microelectronic components,
4912	ACTV	William Lyon Homes	CV	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of really big items    
4913	ACTV	Young Innovations, Inc.	ME	The company designs, manufactures and markets equipment used by dentists and dental hygienists. the company manufactures diagnostic and preventive pro
4914	ACTV	West Coast Bancorp	RB	The principal activities of the group are the usual lending and deposit functions of commercial banks; And the provision of agency, fiduciary and othe
4915	ACTV	West Essex Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The bank is a community oriented savings and loan holding company. the bank, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, west essex bank, accepts deposits fr
4916	ACTV	Alico, Inc.	CR	The company is an agribusiness company which produces citrus fruits, cattle, sugarcane and forest products. independent operators on company land yiel
4917	ACTV	Zila, Inc.	BD	Holding company with subsidiaries which market and sell over-the-counter, non-prescription oral and dermatological products worldwide; And manufacture
4918	ACTV	Westamerica Bancorporation	RB	The principal activities of the company are providing full range of banking services to individual and corporate customers in northern and central cal
4919	ACTV	Wet Seal, Inc. (The)	RT	Operates specialty retail clothing stores which specialize in moderately priced, fashionable, casual womens sportswear, accessories and other related 
4920	ACTV	Xicor, Inc.	SM	The company designs, develops, manufactures and markets semiconductor memory devices that are nonvolatile for use in commercial, military and industri
4921	ACTV	AeroGen, Inc.	ME	The principal activities are developing, manufacturing and commercializing pulmonary drug delivery products used for the controlled delivery of drugs 
4922	ACTV	World Airways, Inc.	AC	Provides unscheduled passenger and cargo air transportation outsourcing services to the u.s. air force, major international airlines, and tour operato
4923	ACTV	World Fuel Services Corporation	OO	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of different energy    
4924	ACTV	Wellman, Inc.	CC	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied things        
4925	ACTV	WestBank Corporation	RB	The company is a registered bank holding company operating through its thirteen banking offices located in hampden county. the company also operates a
4926	ACTV	YOCREAM International, Inc.	FP	The principal activities of the company are: manufacturing and selling frozen yogurt deserts, snacks and beverages. the company's products include yoc
4927	ACTV	Williams Industries, Inc.	CV	The principal activity of the group is it operates in the commercial, industrial, institutional and infrastructure construction markets in the united 
4928	ACTV	Westcorp	MS	Owns and operates a whole bunch of different financial things         
4929	ACTV	Wild Oats Markets, Inc.	GR	The group operates natural foods supermarkets in the western and central united states and canada. the company also owns and operates bakeries, commis
4930	ACTV	Wiley John & Sons, Inc.	BS	Owns and operates a bunch of different service related things         
4931	ACTV	Advent Software, Inc.	SP	The group provides stand-alone and client/server software products, data interfaces and related maintenance and services. the products automate, integ
4932	ACTV	Weyerhaeuser Company	FW	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of items     
4933	ACTV	Western Ohio Financial Corporation	SB	The company is a community-oriented savings and loan holding company. the services of the company include accepting deposits from the general public a
4934	ACTV	Williams Sonoma, Inc.	RL	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
4935	ACTV	Willis Lease Finance Corporation	RN	The principal activities of the group is to provide aviation services. aviation services includes leasing aftermarket commercial aircraft engines and 
4936	ACTV	X-Rite, Inc.	ST	The principal activities of the group are the development, manufacturing and selling of quality control instruments and software solutions for a wide 
4937	ACTV	Zoll Medical Corporation	ME	The company design, manufactures and markets an integrated line of proprietary, non-invasive cardiac resuscitation devices, disposable electrodes and 
4938	ACTV	Western Sierra Bancorp	RB	The bank is a holding company formed through the merger of roseville 1st community bancorp and lake community bank. the bank provides personal and bus
4939	ACTV	Wilsons The Leather Experts, Inc.	RT	The group is a leading specialty retailer of high-quality leather outerwear, apparel and accessories and the leading specialty retailer of travel prod
4940	ACTV	Winn Dixie Stores Inc.	GR	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied service related things        
4941	ACTV	Advanced Neuromodulation Systems, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the company are to design, develop, manufacture and market advanced implantable neuromodulation devices that improve the q
4942	ACTV	XTO Energy, Inc.	OO	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique energy related items     
4943	ACTV	Winnebago Industries, Inc.	MH	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique capital goods    
4944	ACTV	Westpac Banking Corporation	RB	The company performs a bunch of different financial related stuff       
4945	ACTV	WMS Industries, Inc	CG	The company develops commercial applications of the manufacturing of a number of service related t    
4946	ACTV	YPF Sociedad Anonima	OO	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of energy related goods      
4947	ACTV	WHX Corporation	IS	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique products      
4948	ACTV	WGNB Corporation	RB	The principal activities of the group is the provision of commercial banking services to individuals and medium-sized businesses. the deposit services
4949	ACTV	Wolohan Lumber Company	HI	The company is a full-line retailer of lumber, building materials and related products. the customers of the company are builders, remodelers and do-i
4950	ACTV	Workflow Management, Inc.	PR	The principal activities of the company is to provide end-to-end outsource solutions for a variety of print and office products in the united states, 
4951	ACTV	Ackerley Group (The)	BS	The company performs a bunch of different stuff in the services field     
4952	ACTV	WHG Bancshares Corporation	SB	The company is a unitary savings and loan holding company for heritage savings bank, f.s.b. the bank operates a traditional savings bank business, whi
4953	ACTV	Willow Grove Bancorp, Inc.	SB	The principal activities of the company are providing full range of banking services and offering commercial and retail products. the services include
4954	ACTV	Xybernaut Corporation	CH	The principal activities of the group are the research, development and commercialization of mobile, wearable computing and communication systems alon
4955	ACTV	Yahoo!, Inc.	CS	The company is a global internet communications, commerce and media company. the company offers a wide range of branded network of services for a broa
4956	ACTV	Alcatel - Optronics	EI	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of technology related products       
4957	ACTV	Wireless Facilities, Inc.	CV	The company provides outsourcing services for wireless communications industry. the company plans, deploys and designs wireless telecommunication netw
4958	ACTV	Whirlpool Corporation	AT	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied cyclical consumer things       
4959	ACTV	Zonagen, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the group is to develop pharmaceutical products for the reproductive system, including sexual dysfunction, vaccine adjuvants
4960	ACTV	Windmere Durable Holdings, Inc.	IV	The company develops commercial applications of unique and varied financial things       
4961	ACTV	Able Energy, Inc.	OO	The company distributes fuel oil, propane gas, and diesel oil. the company also installs and provides repair service for heating, ventilation, air-con
4962	ACTV	Yellow Corporation	TR	The company provides transportation services primarily to the less-than-truckload(ltl) market throughout north america. the operation of the company i
4963	ACTV	WMC Limited	MM	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of stuff     
4964	ACTV	Winmark Corporation	MS	Develop, franchise and operate value-oriented retail concepts for stores that buy, sell, trade and consign new and used merchandise, each franchise em
4965	ACTV	Workstream, Inc.	BS	Provides human capital management (hcm) solutions provider to do business with all four stakeholders in the employment relationship, which fulfill the
4966	ACTV	Zevex International, Inc.	ME	The company designs and manufactures advanced medical devices which includes surgical systems, device components and sensors for medical technology co
4967	ACTV	Winmill & Company, Inc.	IV	The company operates through its subsidiaries: cef advisers, inc., investor service center, inc., midas management corporation, performance properties
4968	ACTV	WorldCom, Inc.	CU	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique service related products       
4969	ACTV	Worldgate Communications, Inc.	BC	The company provides television-based internet service that delivers internet access and interactivity through cable television systems. centralized c
4970	ACTV	WorldQuest Networks, Inc.	CU	The principal activities of the company is providing international internet telephone networks. the company is a development stage enterprise, which s
4971	ACTV	ABIOMED, Inc.	ME	The principal activities of the group are the development, manufacture and marketing of medical products designed to safely and effectively assist or 
4972	ACTV	York International Corporation	MG	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of really big things        
4973	ACTV	Wolverine World Wide, Inc.	FO	The principal activties of the group are unique and varied cyclical consumer things       
4974	ACTV	Zoltek Companies, Inc.	CC	The principal activities of the group is the manufacturing, and marketing of carbon fibers and oxidized fibers as well as the developing of applicatio
4975	ACTV	Wintrust Financial Corporation	RB	The principal activity of the company is providing community-oriented, personal and commercial banking services to customers located in chicago. the c
4976	ACTV	Zindart Limited	RP	Manufactures high-quality detailed die-cast and injection-molding products including die-cast collectibles, collectible holiday ornaments, action figu
4977	ACTV	World Acceptance Corporation	CF	The group provides short-term loans, medium-term larger loans, related credit insurance and ancillary products and services to individuals. the compan
4978	ACTV	Worldwide Restaurant Concepts, Inc.	RS	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a whole lot of service related stuff      
4979	ACTV	WPP Group plc	AE	Holding company with subsidiaries which provide multinational marketing services, such as media advertising, public relations, market research, sales 
4980	ACTV	XM Satellite Radio Holdings, Inc.	BC	Intends to offer quality digital audio radio service to a subscribing consumer base.      
4981	ACTV	Abgenix, Inc.	BD	The principal activity of the group is the development of antibody therapeutic products for the treatment of a variety of disease conditions, includin
4982	ACTV	Yadkin Valley Company	IL	The principal activities of the bank is providing general banking services in the area of ashe, surry, wilkes and yadkin counties of north carolina. t
4983	ACTV	Youbet.com, Inc.	CG	Youbet network subscribers enjoy live coverage from and wagering accessibility to all major racetracks in 39 states, representing virtually 100% of ho
4984	ACTV	Zamba Corporation	SP	The company provides comprehensive customer relationship management (crm) solutions to global 2000 companies. the company helps clients better anticip
4985	ACTV	ZixIt Corporation	CS	The company develops and markets products and services that enhance privacy, security and convenience over the internet. the zixmail(tm) is a secure d
4986	ACTV	Zygo Corporation	SM	The principal activities of the company is to design, develop, manufacture and market optics and on-line yield enhancement solutions for the semicondu
4987	ACTV	Zebra Technologies Corporation	MG	The principal activities of the group are designing, manufacturing, supporting of a broad range of direct thermal and thermal transfer bar code label 
4988	ACTV	Zyrno Industries	MF	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of basic    
4989	ACTV	Yardville National Bancorp	RB	The principal activities of the company is to offer general, commercial and retail banking business services. the categories of loans lent by the comp
4990	ACTV	Young Broadcasting, Inc.	BC	The company owns and operates twelve tv stations across several geographic markets. the company's collection of stations includes six abc affiliates, 
4991	ACTV	3M Company	CO	3M Company, formerly known as Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company, is an integrated enterprise characterized by substantial intercompany cooper
4992	ACTV	Zenith National Insurance Corporation	IP	The company formulates, manufactures, and sells a series of unique financial related items   
4993	ACTV	YouthStream Media Networks, Inc.	BS	The company provides media, marketing, promotions and internet services. the company provides integrated, cost effective solutions to advertisers and 
4994	ACTV	Yum! Brands, Inc.	RS	A holding company that manages a ton of things all related to some type of service       
4995	ACTV	Zomax, Inc.	CS	Produces high quality compact discs, cassettes, diskettes as well as a full complement of related services.    
4996	ACTV	Alcan, Inc.	MM	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a series of unique and completely legal activities   
4997	ACTV	Zions Bancorporation	RB	The group designs, manufactures, and distributes a multitude of financial related goods     
4998	ACTV	Z-Tel Technologies, Inc.	CU	The principal activity of the group is the provision of advanced, integrated local and long distance telephone services in combination with internet b
4999	ACTV	Zoom Technologies, Inc.	CE	The principal activities of the company are designing, producing and marketing dial-up and broadband modems, wireless local area network products, and
5000	ACTV	Zoran Corporation	SM	The principal activities of the group are the development and marketing of integrated circuits cores which includes digital versatile disc or dvd, pla
